Cast A Blind Shadow
A Tale of Homicides and Hauntings
By
Bill Gill
________________
Chapter 1


        The idea of a building holding the energy of its past is not so far-fetched. We all see the memories of times spent in places, evidence that people have used or experienced a space before us. A couch that maintains the impression of where the former owner sat. Handrails on stairs that are worn smooth from the touch of thousands of hands. A floor that exhibits a habitual path taken by those who trod the wood before you. These all have energy soaked into the fiber of the materials from which they were constructed. Energy that came from human spirits. Is it possible that those spirits are still connected to that energy? Might they not make themselves known at times? Could they not still be walking among us? Patty Robertson believed they could.
Patty started the Central States Paranormal Group (CSPG) in order to provide paranormal investigation experiences for a growing number of interested amateurs as well as seasoned pros. The group pooled its resources to purchase several properties around the Midwest, noted for having unexplained activities. She had just arrived at Mt. Hope Corners, Wisconsin, a small crossroads outside of Eau Claire. Standing on a large section of land was the once grand Lockwood Sanatorium. Patty was meeting the current owner, Harvey Pool. 
“Hello, you must be Harvey.”
“That is correct. Welcome to the Lockwood.”
Harvey was a local historian who believed in the preservation of the complex. 
“I can tell you are very proud of the place. I was surprised when the realtor said you needed to meet in person. Why do you want to sell?”
“To be honest, I don’t want to sell, but unfortunately, I did not have the resources to upgrade the facility. The property taxes alone are hurting me financially. I suppose that isn’t a good negotiation strategy, letting you know my position, but I just want the place in good hands. I see the CSPG as an opportunity to get the place to someone who will preserve the property as it is and keep it from just rotting away into the woods. I wanted to meet you in person and explain my position. I also wanted to hear directly from you that you plan to maintain the place. The realtor and your legal people can handle the paperwork. I need to have your promise and a handshake.”
“I respect that. I want you to know that our goal will not be to restore the place. We will work toward making it weather-tight eventually, and safe for people to walk through, but it will remain outdated and well … creepy.”
“I understand that. I just want it to be standing so that people will know its history. Too many of our past achievements are forgotten as new and shiny modern developments are built on land that has seen so much of our story. A people without history are a people with no roots.”
“I can tell history is important to you. It plays a big part in what we do with these buildings as well. Could you fill me in on some of that history? We will be putting together a brochure about the place and, as I said, the history is important. Now, once again, I want to be up front about the fact that we will focus on deaths that occurred in the building. Our clientele wants to know about the possible spectral inhabitants.”
“That makes sense. I don’t personally believe in ghosts, but if that is what people want to know, we have had our share of deaths, starting with Mrs. Lockwood herself.”
“I would love to hear that story.”
“I need to start at the beginning if you don’t mind.”
“By all means.”
Patty was willing to hear the whole tale if it meant the sale would go through at her price.
“On April 19th, 1901, the Lockwood Hospital was established on one hundred acres donated by Josiah Lockwood. Members of the Lockwood family, the Mayor of Eau Claire, and the leading citizens of Rock Falls, Carryville, and Mt. Hope Corners attended the groundbreaking. These men were the primary contributors to the construction cost. The building was built on a timber frame and surfaced with stones gathered from the river beds of the Chippewa and Eau Claire Rivers. At the time, the building was the model of the current medical science of the day. It had four doctors in residence and boasted a staff of thirty nurses and orderlies.”
“Now that was just the center building as we look at it today, correct?”
“Yes, you can see the wings are built with grey brick to match the limestone of the center building. The project had been the passion of Josiah’s wife, Mary Lockwood. She was born in the western part of Eau Claire County on a large dairy farm, which she inherited. It was her wish that a portion of the farm be dedicated to the health of the community. The Lockwood family had been in lumbering since the mid eighteen hundreds, and they had amassed a fortune in the Eau Claire area. Josiah and his wife provided the land and the lumber to build the three-story health care facility. Its role was to service the rural citizens of the western side of the county, which it did for twenty years.”
“That was when it closed the first time, right? At least that’s what my research turned up.” 
“That’s correct. Unfortunately, during those twenty years, it lost money annually until it had nearly drained the once seemingly limitless funds of the Lockwood family. Josiah died in 1907, leaving Mary to manage the business and the hospital. Seeing her fortune dwindle and the hospital failing was too much for her, and on the fifth of February, 1921, Mary closed the doors of the facility for her last time. She then walked to the second floor, where she overlooked the grand entry foyer and hanged herself in the empty hospital. Some say they could hear her scream from over a mile away.”
“That is a great story! I mean, I guess not for the Lockwood family, but for our people, that is a terrific opening story.”
“Yes, I can believe that. When I tell people the history that always seems to be one of the most interesting parts for them.”
“How did the hospital end up being enlarged? From what I read, it was reopened as a sanatorium around 1925.”
“Well, in 1921, Wisconsin was experiencing the height of the spread of Tuberculosis. In that year, it was the number one cause of death in the state. Nearly three thousand people died of the disease in 1925 alone.”
“Wow”
“The state took the property for back taxes owed. It was still in good condition, having been closed for just a couple of months. The left wing was added first. It soon became obvious that more space was going to be needed, so construction started on the other two wings, and by 1925, the building was as you see it today.”
“There had to be quite a few deaths here during that time.”
“It is difficult to find an exact number, because most sanatoriums were very discreet about deaths. It was a difficult situation. Obviously, they feared they would demoralize the patients in treatment if they allowed them to hear the death toll numbers. As was the case in most sanatoriums around the nation, the number of deaths is most certainly underreported. The official number from 1923 to 1950 was as many as ten thousand deaths.”
“Did I hear that number correctly? Did you say ten thousand?”
“You heard right. That does not take into account the three nurses who jumped from the roof.”
“I haven’t heard about that.”
“They didn’t all jump at the same time, and there is controversy around whether they jumped or were thrown from the roof.”
“This one sounds juicy.”
“In the 1930s, there was a doctor here who fashioned himself as a ladies' man. As the story goes, he was involved with several nurses here at the facility. All three of them were married. That was not a deterrent for Doctor Zuwiki. In fact, he liked the idea that they were not free to pursue him after he broke it off with them. The first had become pregnant. When her husband found out about the affair, he rejected the child and kicked her out of his house. Zuwiki refused to acknowledge the child or support the woman. She climbed the three flights of steps and then the ladder to the roof hatch. She stood on the roof of the central structure, right up there.”
Harvey pointed to the space between the gargoyles directly above the
 front door. 
“She stood there and scandalously bared her chest to the wind and flung herself off onto the front steps. It is said that if you look hard enough, her blood stains can still be seen. The story created quite a scandal. Zuwiki was given a warning for his behavior. That, however, did not slow down his appetite for married women. A year later, two of the nurses found out that they were both the subjects of his false affections.”
“That guy was a real piece of work.”
“Without question, the facts are a little fuzzy, but when the two women fell from the roof in nearly the exact location as the first, Zuwiki was up there with them. He claimed he was there trying to keep them from jumping, but failed. There was no evidence to the contrary, but rumors persisted that he lured them to the roof and threw them off.”
“Wow, he sounds like an evil, egotistical monster. Stories of that type of scandalous behavior actually work very well for our type of business.”
“I can understand that. This will probably work for you as well. It is these three nurses that people have said they see in the windows from outside. I have had people tell me they have seen the nurses walking the hallways.  Perhaps justice was served by fate. Zuwiki ultimately came to a grizzly ending.”
“Was that on the property as well?”
“Yes, he somehow ended up in the boiler room, scalded to death by the pressure relief valve of the boiler. It was a gruesome death, as the skin was boiled off his bones. Some say he still wanders the halls as a shadow figure, seeking revenge for his death.”
“Have you ever seen the shadow figure?”
“I don’t think so. There are a lot of shadows here at all times of the day. And some of them have spooked me. But I can’t say I’ve seen one that steps away from the wall as others have described.”
“So, from 1950 until 1991, the Lockwood was primarily an elder care facility, right?”
“Yes, and of course, during those years, deaths were a pretty regular occurrence. One in particular was very sad. In 1979, Helen Cochran became a resident of the Lockwood Senior Care Center. It was a privately run facility at that time. A group of investors from Milwaukee who owned several elder care locations in Wisconsin and Northern Illinois bought the place in 1976. They ran it as a business until it closed in 1998.”
“Okay, what about Helen Cochran?”
“Oh, I’m sorry, I was telling that story, wasn’t I. She was a woman in her mid-seventies. She should have been ready for retirement, but life events have a way of changing a person’s plans. Helen had one child, a daughter named Martha. Martha was a wild one, often in trouble. When she became pregnant, without the benefit of marriage, Helen pressured her to have the child. Unfortunately, motherhood did not suit Martha. She ran off the first chance she had, leaving Helen to care for the child.”
“What year was that?”
“That was in 1973. It was difficult for Helen. She did not have a career; after her husband died, she started to clean houses for a living. She struggled to make ends meet, but managed to provide for herself and her grandson, Charley. Then the accident took place in 1979. Helen was run over by a car while she was walking home from one of her cleaning jobs. She lost her right leg, and the recuperation was slow. It was difficult to heal from the injury, and then she developed pneumonia. She had no choice but to give up the child and seek admittance for herself in the care facility. The accident provided funds for her care for the rest of her life. The child, a boy, ended up in foster homes until he was adopted by a family in Eau Claire.”
“That is a heart-wrenching story, but you said her death was very sad.”
“It was sad and horrible, though ruled an accident, there were several who suspected otherwise.”
“This has been quite a buildup. What happened?”
“Helen adjusted to life here as best as she could. Her guilt over giving up the boy weighed heavily upon her. She tried to keep busy so as not to dwell on what she viewed as her failures, first her daughter, who died of a drug overdose, and then having to abandon her grandson. She spent most of her time knitting. On the day she died, she was seated in the group room working on her needlecraft to produce a blanket. She made receiving blankets that she gave to the hospital for newborns.
 “There was a commotion of sorts in the group room. Here is where the details are very sketchy, and somehow Helen was pushed out of her chair. When she was jettisoned from her wheelchair, she fell forward while holding the needles, which pierced both of her eyes and plunged into her brain. She died face down on the floor of the group room.”
“Oh my god, that was terrible! Was there an investigation?”
“No, the death was ruled accidental, and the whole thing was tucked away quickly. With no family to push for anything more, it just faded away. But here is what I think you would call a plot twist. Helen’s death was obviously enough to make a spirit restless, if indeed they can be; however, there is more. 
“Helen was born around the turn of the twentieth century. She died in 1979. She and her sister were originally from Ohio. They were sent to live with an aunt here in Wisconsin. The aunt contracted TB and died when Helen was eighteen, and her sister was seventeen. Helen was engaged at the time and married that summer. Soon after the aunt passed away, her sister came to live with Helen and her husband. Helen wanted a better life for her sister, so she worked extra jobs and saved money to put her through nursing school. When she graduated, she married her high school sweetheart. It seemed all was well until her sister met Doctor Zuwiki.”
Patty's eyes widened as she realized what was coming next. Harvey could tell she had guessed the twist.
“That’s right, she was one of the married nurses involved with the good doctor who fell from the roof of the Lockwood!”
“Wow, are you kidding me? Both sisters died here in suspicious circumstances? That could be a spirit that has some unfinished business.”
“I guess if there ever was one that had the right to still be haunting a place, it would be Helen Cochran’s ghost.”
        “So how did the Lockwood finally close?”
The ownership group was not happy with the return on their investments. So, in 1998, the east wing was converted into a private mental hospital. The owners took that on in an attempt to make the cash flow work. Each mental patient came with a state allotment for care. The owners took the cash and provided the care. The numbers worked for a few years, but the state did not increase the amount, and after a couple of years, the facility was losing money on each mental patient, as their care was more expensive than what the facility was receiving. When the owners petitioned for an increase, the state came in and shut them down, citing abuse and neglect as the reason.”
“What happened to the residents at that time?”
“That was a true tragedy. The old folks were moved to other facilities around the state, and some of them moved to Minnesota. All but the most severe mental patients were given money for bus tickets and released.”
“They just sort of kicked them out?”
“Yep, for years after some of them were still wandering around here and Eau Claire, trying to survive. Several ended up homeless. I only know about one that moved in with his family down the road. I assume he ended up doing okay.”
“Harvey, you have a knack for telling some pretty good ghost stories. You should make it a side hustle.”
“I’m too old for a side hustle, but I hope I have sweetened the deal for your use.”
“That you have. Here is our offer.”
Harvey looked at the form and at Patty. 
“I just want to hear you say that you will take care of the place and keep it standing.”
“I promise as long as we own the Lockwood, it will be cared for.”
“That’s good enough for me. You now own the Lockwood. I guess the papers have to be completed, but as far as I’m concerned, we have a deal.”
Patty was very pleased.
“Thank you, sir. If I have a conference here for paranormal investigators, would you be willing to come and give a history of the place? There would be a small stipend for your time.”
“That could be fun.”
“Great, I will keep that in mind when we get the place set up for that. In the meantime, if you would consider writing a book about the place, and include the possible hauntings. I will market it on our website.”
“A book, huh. I had not thought of doing that. I’ll let you know.”
“Okay, well, I have some work to do. We are going to clean up the small kitchen and cafeteria on the east end and turn that into an apartment for the caretaker we intend to hire. I have a contractor in Eau Claire, and I tentatively scheduled to meet today to get the ball rolling. I also need to schedule our team to do our initial investigation. We will be filming it for our online channel.”
“Okay, it is exciting that you intend to move that quickly. I’ll have to watch the video when it’s posted. It was good dealing with you, thank you.”
“Likewise, I’ll be in touch when that conference gets put together.” 
Harvey left, andPatty took a few moments to walk around the Lockwood before driving into Eau Claire to meet with the contractor. She could envision the steady stream of visitors discovering the thrills of the paranormal at the Lockwood.


*****
The advertisement was for a position as a caretaker. It offered a competitive salary, room, food allowance, and two weeks' paid vacation. Barney Doyle wanted to get back to the area of his childhood home, even though his recollections of that childhood were not happy. Life’s road had been bumpy for Barney. He was a bit of an outcast throughout elementary and high school. He stayed fairly close to the area for college, where he was a loner. He felt lucky to meet a woman at the university whom he married right after graduation. 
They moved closer to her family and friends in Milwaukee. He took a job and worked hard, but he did not enjoy the work. The marriage was okay for many years until one day she looked at him and said she was done. There really wasn’t much discussion; she had decided she wanted more or at least different, and said she was leaving. He didn’t handle it well. It took some time for him to deal with all of the fallout of his wife’s decision. It was a dark, angry time. There were portions of his life during those days that he actually couldn’t remember. He hadn’t seen or heard from her since that time. 
Her family questioned him several times about where she had gone. He could not give them an answer. He had no idea; she said she was leaving, and she left. That was all he could tell them. Some went so far as to talk to the police, questioning if there was foul play. He spoke to a detective, but they found no evidence that he had done anything wrong. He felt increasingly alone after that. Each day melted into the next, no joy, no anticipation, just another day.   
By the time he read the ad, he had been alone for some time, working a job he did not like in a city he did not want to be in. When he read about the position for the caretaker job, he was ready for a change.
        Patty Robertson called Barney about a week after he sent his resume.
“Hello.”
“Hello, am I speaking with Barney Doyle?”
“Yes, this is Barney.”
“Hi Barney, this is Patty Robertson. You sent me a resume for the caretaker position.”
“Oh, yes. Hello, Patty.”
“I’m calling because I would be very interested in meeting you at the property to discuss the position.”
“Oh, well, I guess I could take some time off to come for an interview. When were you thinking?”
“I would like to do it as soon as possible. I don’t live near the property, but I am going to be there for two days next week. I was hoping you would be able to meet then. I need to get someone hired right away. We just bought the place, and I don’t want to leave it unsupervised for long. People could start vandalizing it or using it for all kinds of things we don’t want to deal with.”
“I see, okay, what days will you be there?”
“Next Tuesday and Wednesday. You are the first applicant I’ve called, and so you have your choice of time and day.”
“I can meet you on Tuesday. Shall we say 9:00 am?”
“That would be great.”
“Where should I be at that time?”
“Oh, that’s right, you don’t know where you could be working. It is the Lockwood Sanatorium. There is an apartment we have set up on the far east end of the east wing of the building. I currently have a makeshift office in there, but it will be the caretaker’s quarters.”
“The Lockwood, I remember that place. It was a huge complex. It was a good eldercare facility in its day. That place has been closed for several years. What kind of business are you running there now?”
“I would rather explain that to you when we meet if that’s alright.”
“Okay, is there anything I should bring for the interview?”
“Just yourself, well, your spouse is welcome as well.”
“Oh, I am not married. It’s just me.”
“That’s fine. I will see you on Tuesday at 9:00 am.
“See you then. Thank you.”
“Thank you.”
Barney was very interested in what anyone would do with a building that large.
It was a creepy place these days. Having been built in the early 1900s, it had that old institutional feel. He knew it had been several things over the years, all of them dealing with times of struggles for the people they served. 
Barney took a few days off and went back to the Eau Claire area. He had a hotel in the city and spent Sunday and Monday driving around all of his old haunts from his youth. The place did not look that much different. There were fewer family farms. The small unincorporated villages on the west side of Eau Claire County were virtually unchanged. While the city of Eau Claire had grown, the rural area around it had not. On Monday, he drove out to the Lockwood just to get a look at the place before he met with Patty Robertson on Tuesday. 
The building had not gotten any less creepy. Barney looked at it from the road since the gate was locked. He leaned on the rails and thought about his last fifteen years. He felt he was in a much better place now than he had been when the whole thing with his wife went down. That had been rough; he lost it for nearly a year. Drinking and painkillers had nearly killed him. He needed a lot of therapy to get himself back in control. Spending time in a quiet environment sounded pretty good. 


*****


        Patty Robertson was driving out to the Lockwood. She would be staying there while she was in the area. She had not exactly been honest with Barney. She knew she had made it sound as though she had more interviews, and she would be selecting from several interested parties. The truth was, Barney was the only applicant. If she didn’t feel good about him, she was not certain what she was going to do. The bookings were starting to come in, though very slowly, and she still needed to get someone in place. There had to be someone there to welcome people and maintain control of the property while the ghost hunts were in progress.
Barney was waiting at the gate when she arrived. As she stepped out to open the lock, she spoke to him.
“You must be Barney. It is nice to meet you. You certainly are on time. I like that.”
“I guess I was anxious to start the day. I stayed in Eau Claire this weekend, and after breakfast, I just drove out. It is nice and peaceful out here. I know the area very well. I grew up just a few miles from here.”
“Oh really, so this job would be sort of a coming home gig for you.”
“I guess you could say that. I am looking to get back into this area. I’ve been living and working in Milwaukee for the past twenty-five years. My wife was from there, and when we married, we moved there. I just got used to the job and the place, and when we broke up, I just stayed there. It took me a while to get to the point where I wanted to do something for myself.”
Patty felt maybe she had just received more information than she needed, but the guy seemed very sincere. Besides, she couldn’t get too picky unless she was going to stay out there until she found someone else.
“Well, shall we head up to the building?”
“Sounds good.”
The two of them drove up to the building and circled the horseshoe-shaped drive in front of the Lockwood.
Patty got out of her car and opened the trunk to fetch her suitcase. Barney noticed.
“Here, let me give you a hand with that.”
“Thank you. Be careful, I’m not a light packer.”
“Oh, it’s not too bad.”
The pair walked into the apartment at the end of the east wing.
“This will be the living quarters that are provided for the caretaker. The pay reflects the fact that the person in the position will not have to provide their own living arrangements. It is not quite finished. It should be fully done in about a week. It’s not bad to stay in now, just some paint and molding yet to be completed. I believe the salary is still generous, though the hours are twenty-four seven.”
“That is a little intimidating.”
“Oh. I don’t want to scare you off. What I mean is that the job is a caretaker, but there is an element of it that is also a security guard. When you have a place this large and secluded, unfortunately, some people are nosey or looking for a cheap thrill. The job will require being the security for the place now and then. While the work is not very demanding, the hours may be erratic. We will be needing an individual who is a self-starter and can maintain a schedule. I will also need someone who can act as our on-site contact for our clientele.”
“That would be a great place to start. Who is your clientele?”
“I’m sorry, I should have started there. We are the CSPG. That is the Central States Paranormal Group. We offer paranormal investigations.”
“You mean people come here to hunt ghosts?”
“We don’t like to say hunt ghosts, but that about sums it up.” 
“That’s interesting. I suppose a big old place like this would spark the imagination regarding something like that. I can’t say I believe in such things, but I have never given it much thought. Have you seen anything here?”
“Seen? No, but I have heard all kinds of sounds that I can’t easily explain.”
        “Huh, well, that would be a new one on me. So, what exactly would be my responsibilities with the ahh … what did you call them, paranormal investigators?”
        “You would be here to check them in and just keep an eye on them so they don’t do anything to destroy the property. Also, to make sure they don’t do silly, dangerous stuff. They will have signed waivers for most of that kind of thing, but it is always good to remind some people.”
“I understand that. I always say, you can’t fix stupid.”
        “That is a good way to put it. Of course, we want them to return, so it will be important to use some tact in dealing with them, if possible.”
        “Sure, how often do you have people doing their investigations?”
        “We hope to have one or two per week, maybe more in the summer. I have several plans for making the place a little easier to monitor. Cameras in the whole place will greatly improve our ability to keep people out of trouble or danger.”
        “That is a concern because I assume you are not expecting me, or the person you hire, to follow the people around. I can’t imagine that would be appreciated. I would be in their way.”
        “No, just follow to get them started and point out any areas to avoid for safety’s sake. Then check on them periodically. Most people who are into this have experience and know how to conduct themselves.”
        “We kind of got into the job description right away. Are there any questions you have for me?”
        “You mentioned you were looking to get back near where you grew up. How long did you live here?”
        “I was here through college, I guess. I didn’t come home much while I was attending college, but this was still my official residence. I didn’t have a close relationship with my father; we just didn’t see eye to eye. There was some drama earlier in my life. My mother died when I was fourteen. So, I managed to get along through high school and then left for college. I have my degree in business management. I have worked for a paper factory for the past twenty-five years. For the last fifteen years, I have lived alone in an apartment in Milwaukee. I’m just ready to do something else, and I’d like to do it around here. Your ad seemed very interesting since it included the living quarters.’
        “It sounds like you’ve been in a desk job for several years. How does working manual labor sound to you? A lot of your days will be spent cleaning out the debris in the Lockwood. As you can imagine, there are a lot of interior pieces that need to be removed, and the ceiling and some wall coverings are falling off and need to be disposed of.”
        “I have no fear of hard work. I would appreciate the opportunity to manage my time and get projects done on my own. For twenty-five years, I’ve had to get work done through others. I like the idea of only being responsible for myself.”
        “Well, I do have a guy who has done some work for me that you may be using part-time. He is a little slow-witted, but he works hard. He is an older gentleman who lives a few miles from here. I sort of stumbled onto him in town shortly after I bought the place. He had done some work for the previous owner, so I have references for him. He would just be here a day or two per week in the spring through fall.”
        “I’m sure that would work fine. I’ve dealt with all kinds.”
        “I guess the big question is, do you think you could handle being out here most of the time alone? This is a big place. As I said, it has its noises that make you wonder. Are you comfortable in being in that type of situation?”
        “I would look forward to it.”
        “In that case, the job is yours if you want it. You would start as soon as possible. I assume you will need to give notice at your current job.”
        “I actually already gave notice a week ago. I had decided to leave either way. I have enough money saved that I could go a long time without work. I just wanted to focus on getting to my next stage in life. So, I can start next week.”
        “That is fantastic. If you have time, I can give you a tour of the place and let you know what projects are a priority to get started on.”
        “That sounds good to me.”
        Patty took Barney around, and the two of them created a checklist of work that needed to be done.


*****


 Within a week of the purchase, the CSPG team was standing in the driveway of the Lockwood. The group consisted of Bob Madden, the lead investigator, and Kristie Madden, Bob’s wife, who had expertise in handling the paranormal equipment. Brad Fisher and Connie Waldran rounded out the team.
Barney Doyle was on the property when they arrived.
“You must be Bob Madden. Patty said you were coming today. I’m Barney, Barney Doyle, the new caretaker. I thought I would stop by and make sure you had everything you need.”
“Nice to meet you, Barney. Are you staying out here now?”
“Yes, part-time at this point. Once you are all set, I’ll be leaving you to do your work.”
“I appreciate the welcome. I think we are all set.”
“Okay, good luck on your investigation.”
“Thanks, we will probably see you again sometime.”
Barney shook his head in agreement and waved at the rest of the crew, and headed into the apartment on the east end of the facility.
“Bob, what time are you thinking we should start the investigation?”
“I think it will be dark in about two hours. That should give us time to get our cameras all in position and decide where we want to focus our EVP sessions. I want to do the Spirit Box session in the grand foyer to see if we can talk to Mary Lockwood. We also want a camera and recorder in the morgue.”
“I have all the equipment charged and extra batteries. We need to select a spot for our home base.”
“You are right, Kristie. Brad, can you grab those equipment cases? I’ll take these, and we should head in and pick a good spot to use as home base.”
The group each hauled a portion of the equipment into the building.
“It never gets old stepping into this foyer. I can feel the energy immediately.”
“I know what you mean, Connie. This space is amazing. Can you imagine what it was like in 1920? I always wonder if the spirits see these spaces as they are now or as they were when they were alive. I mean, if they are interacting with us, do they see us as we were back then, or do they see us as we do? I suppose I will never get an answer to that.”
“Let’s go upstairs. There is an office just before the ‘Grand Central’ space that could work for a home base.”
Bob was leading the group to the office he was referring to when they all heard a loud slam.
“Did you hear that?”
“I did, Connie. It sounded like it came from straight ahead down the center hall.”
“I thought it was to the right, and echoed up in this direction.”
“It was hard to tell, Bob. It’s interesting that we just got in here and noises are starting. I hope that means it will be a good night to capture things. We want the video we post to show some good stuff.”
“It would be great to get something that helps us go viral. The audience is still pretty small.”
“As long as we stick to only posting with integrity, we will grow the brand. I don’t want any over hype in what we produce. I hate those ghost-hunting shows and videos that sensationalize their content. You know the ones that have demons at every location or where they are getting ghosts attached to them all the time. We are dedicated to REAL experiences.”
“I agree, Bob. But if we do find something, I think it is okay to crow loud and long about it. We are, after all, trying to make these locations pay for themselves.”
“I am fine with promoting real finds.”
“I just want to see some great evidence just for me. So far, I have seen lights go off and heard the dead bell chime, but I want to hear something with my own ears and see something with my own eyes.”
As if on cue, as the team entered the office to unload the equipment, a loud scream came from the grand foyer area. The group all ran toward the sound. They all stood along the rail of the balcony that overlooked the grand foyer. There was nothing there.
“We all heard that, right?”
“I sure did, Brad.”
“So did I. Kristie, did we have a recorder going?”
“Just my handheld, Bob.”
“Let’s check to see if you caught that.”
Kristie backed up the recording and hit play.
The group could hear their conversation, and right as Brad says the word “eyes”, there is a faint scream on the recording.
“That’s it, we got it! It sounded much louder in person, but we got it.”
“That is fantastic. I think it is a residual, don’t you?”
“I would have to say it is. According to Patty’s information from the previous owner, Mary Lockwood screamed when she hung herself in the grand foyer. That would fit with what we just heard.”
“I agree, Kristie, that was a great score. Should we get the equipment set up in the office and then select all of the locations we are going to place the rempods, the dead bell, and the cat balls?”
It took about an hour for the cameras to be placed and the monitors set up for the night’s investigation. Bob then started to get everyone organized.
“Okay, I am heading down to start in the morgue. Kristie, you’re going to stay here and watch the video monitors and keep the log of activity with time and location, the way you normally do.”
“I have a new wrinkle I’m going to be experimenting with tonight. I plan to keep a verbal record. I think I will have a more detailed account that way.”
“That sounds good. Connie, you and Brad start here on the second floor. Later, we will try the Estes method in the East Wing. That was the area that was converted to the Mental Ward. We will meet there in about an hour. Does that work for everyone?”
Kristie responded first.
“I’m good. Before we split up, everyone, check your walkies.”
Each of the members tried their walkie-talkies.
“Mine is all good, how about yours, Connie?”
“Seems good, are you ready to start on the second floor, Brad?”
“Let’s do it.”
Connie and Brad walked down the west wing, second-floor hall. They planned to select a room about halfway down and attempt to communicate with a spirit or group of spirits. 
“Is your walkie working properly, Bob?”
“Yes, it is time for me to head to the morgue.”
“I can’t believe you want to go down there alone.”
“I think we get better results when we are alone in the dark.”
“I’m not so sure I want to tempt fate in that way.”
“We have never been harmed by a spirit.”
“Those scratches on your back at the Scythe Murder House in Arkansas weren’t exactly a pat on the back.”
“That was different. We were trying to taunt the spirits that night. You remember the experiment we tried.”
“Yes, I do, that was not one of your better ideas either.”
“If we are not going to push the boundaries now and then, we aren’t going to learn what is really out there.”
“I know, I just don’t like you putting yourself at risk.”
‘I’ll be fine. You just keep your eyes on the screens. I hope we can leave here with some great stuff for our video. It would be fantastic if we could get two videos out of our content from tonight.”
“We’ll see, the scream was a good start.”
Bob gave Kristie a thumbs up and started down the steps to the main floor and then down to the tunnels. For the next five hours, the team attempted to communicate with spirits using every form of equipment they had at their disposal.
“So, you haven’t seen anything on the screens that we can use?”
“I’m telling you this place has been stone quiet. There’s been nothing on any of the cameras. Have any of the three of you seen or heard anything?”
“Connie and I haven’t had a rempod go off or a catball blink. The EVP recordings have not caught anything. This place has been silent.”
“What do you think, Bob?”
“I’m shocked, actually. After hearing the scream as soon as we got in here, I assumed we were in for a ton of activity. Now here we are. I can’t even say there is enough for a short video. You all know this can happen. We’ve been on a quiet one before. Sometimes the spirits just don’t want to interact with us.”
“What should we do now?”
“I think it is time to pack up. No point in wasting more time.”
The team moved swiftly to collect the gear they had installed around the building. The packing was done in short order. Just as they were about to start hauling the cases down the steps, the atmosphere of the whole building changed. 
“Wait! Did you hear that?”
“What are you talking about, Connie?”
“That running, someone was running down the center hall downstairs. I know there was.”
“I heard it too. I was trying to figure out what I heard, but that was it.”
“Kristie, are you sure hearing Connie talk about it didn’t sway your opinion?”
“No, I heard running for sure.”
“Okay, we need to check it out. Brad, you come with me. Ladies, you stay up here and keep an eye on the halls. We don’t want to miss anything at this point. Grab the handheld cameras.”
Bob and Brad moved quickly down the steps to the first floor. Just as they hit the bottom step, they heard the two women screaming. They turned to run back up the steps to find the ladies pointing down the west wing.
“What are you pointing at?”
“There, don’t you see it?”
“Calm down, Kristie. What are you talking about?”
“It’s gone now. There was a shadow. It ran past me. We both saw it, right, Connie?”
“Yes, it was large and darker than the dark hall; it moved without walking. I mean, I didn’t see the legs moving. I’m not sure it was touching the floor. I have never seen anything like it. When it went past, I felt cold; it was really cold.”
“Was it human-shaped?”
“I think so.”
“Yeah, yeah, except the no legs.”
“Which way did it go?”
“It went down that hall; it may have gone into a room at the end of the hall.”
The group moved down the hall, checking each room as they made their way. They found nothing in any of the rooms. After another hour and a half, they saw nothing and heard nothing.
“Okay, now we are back to where we were before. We didn’t capture the shadow or the footsteps. Is it possible there is a human in this building trying to scare us out of the building?”
“I don’t think that shadow was human, at least not a live human.”
“Well, we haven’t seen or heard anything since you thought you saw something.”
“We didn’t think we saw something, we saw it!”
“Okay, well, we haven’t seen anything since.”
“I don’t care, we saw …”
“Wait! Listen!”
As they were discussing what the women saw or thought they saw, there was a whispering coming from somewhere down the East Wing.
“I can’t make out what they are saying.”
“I heard ‘get out’.”
“I think that was what I heard as well.”
“Did anyone catch the whispers on camera or a recorder?”
“I was too busy trying to hear it.”
“So was I.”
“Just a second, I’m trying to see if I caught it on camera.”
Brad was rewinding and checking the camera.
“Well, did you catch anything?”
“I … I think I ,,, no it isn’t on here. There is a section that is just snow, and then it started recording again.”
“I don’t know what is going on, Bob, but it's like something is playing with us. We aren’t capturing any evidence even though it's going on all around us.”
At that moment, a door at the other end of the center hall slammed shut.
“That’s it. I’m out of here. Whatever is messing with us has us running in circles.”
“Hang on, Connie. We can’t just run away from these things. We are here to capture the evidence.”
“Bob, they are not going to let us. Don’t you get it? They are just playing with us. I say we get out of here.”
“What do you two think? Kristie, what do you want to do?”
“I … ahhh … “
        Before she can answer, three doors in the East Wing slam one right after the other. Bob took off running with the camera in the direction of the doors, which were slamming. When he got there, he tried filming only to find out the battery in his camera had been drained.
“Damn it! I don’t have any battery.”
“I just changed the batteries. They were all fresh, and we have hardly used them.”
“Well, it’s dead now, Kristie.”
“They must be draining them, taking the energy to do what they are doing.”
“Okay, you win. We are leaving for the night, but we will be back.”
The group grabbed the equipment cases and went down the steps. There were the sounds of footsteps and doors swinging open and shut as they left. It almost seemed as though they were being taunted. They loaded the van and climbed in. As they started the vehicle and drove down the long lane, a dark figure stepped out of the building and watched them from the shadows. Once they were out of sight, the figure slowly walked down the front steps, continued around the building, and disappeared into the woods.
Though Bob had sworn he would be back, they did not return. The video they posted online featured the four of them talking about their experience and sharing the single faint scream they managed to record. The lack of visible evidence did not increase interest in ghost hunting at the Lockwood.
Patty had to do a significant amount of marketing and offer discounts to keep enough traffic moving through the Lockwood. It was frustrating because it was obvious the place was filled with paranormal activity, but it only showed itself when it chose to. The spirits were stubborn and highly intelligent. The only dependable thing was the scream of Mary Lockwood. It was as though she was still trying to keep the place relevant. 


*****
        
For the next two years, Patty developed a strong trust in Barney. Unfortunately, the bookings were not nearly as strong as she would have liked, and the financial needs required. 
She had been lucky enough to find a caretaker who didn’t mind pulling double duty as a security guard for the place. Due to the booking struggles, there really wasn’t much money to use for anything beyond paying for the one employee. She had placed some of the upgrades on hold, such as security cameras and expanding the functional electricity beyond the living quarters of the caretaker. That meant the facility was very dark during the investigations. That may add to the atmosphere, but it was not as safe as she would have liked. If something didn’t spark interest in the place soon, they were going to have to reconsider their long-term plans for the place. 
For Barney, life went on at the Lookwood. He was alone nearly all of the time. He didn’t mind the solitude. There was something about the idea that he was actually alone and not just lonely in a crowd that was better than his life before. The fact that he didn’t have to see others enjoying the company of friends made his lack of friendship easier to handle. He had found one person with whom he could share conversations and time. Dober Grumby was a local recluse who stopped by now and then. Over time, he became a sort of part-time helper. 
________________


Chapter 2


        She was confused. Nothing was as it had been. It seemed as though just a few seconds earlier, she had been happily scurrying through the woods in north central Wisconsin. Leaves were falling all around her, and she could sniff all of the familiar smells in her woods. Now she had a searing pain across her face. She couldn’t see. The muscles around her eyes stung and flexed without actual movement. She was stumbling through what smelled like her woods, but it now felt dark, scary, and unfamiliar. She was vulnerable. 
Without sight, she had to depend on her other senses to find her way. She needed shelter somewhere to hide until she could figure out what to do. She couldn’t just stumble around the woods aimlessly. She caught the smell of smoke. It wasn’t just smoke, though; it carried another scent. It was food; she had smelled it before. On instinct, she followed the aroma. She bumped and tripped over roots and downed branches. It was a difficult path she was walking through the bramble of the forest. 
Suddenly, she realized the trees had given way to a grassy section. It had tall weeds, but it no longer had bushes or trees. Without sight, she had no idea how exposed she might be. The food smells kept her moving until she ran into something large and hard. She felt it all over and could not find an edge. It had to be a wall of some kind. She began walking along the wall with one shoulder sliding along its surface.
It took a while, but she reached a hole in the structure. She leaned into the hole, and it seemed to allow her access. Had she been able to see, she would have realized she was entering the defunct Lockwood Sanatorium. It is hard to tell if seeing the immense size of the place would have intimidated her. As it was, she could tell she had entered a building. The smells changed. It had a more damp and musty smell. She stumbled around until she found a wall. Since her method had worked outside, she leaned into the wall and started walking.
Eventually, she was getting tired. Between the stress of her state of vulnerability, the pain she was experiencing, and the exertion of her trek, she needed to rest. That was going to be a risky proposition. Not having any idea how exposed she was made selecting a place to settle in for a while a true gamble. She was also hungry. She had not found the origin of the food smells, and now the dankness of the building covered any faint wafts of the food that may still be outside. She would have to settle for just getting some rest. She was still walking, shoulder against the wall, hoping to find a location that felt enclosed and dry. 
Once again, a doorway formed a void in the wall she had been leaning into. She entered, assuming there could be a spot for her to curl up and sleep. She seemed to have walked onto a large piece of fabric. It didn’t smell as bad as the floor and wall, and it was dry. She burrowed into it for warmth and comfort. The pain was constant, and her stomach ached for sustenance, but exhaustion won out, and she fell asleep.   


***** 


        As if it were an ancient temple hidden in the rainforest of South America, the structure rose from the trees and bushes surrounding and encroaching on its walls. The grey limestone blocks that made up the central building gave way to grey bricks covering the three wings, which extended from the central core. The complex lay dormant, a dark remnant of its former existence. Staging a futile battle to hold back its ultimate decomposition, a lone figure was clearing out rubble. 
Barney Doyle had been working as the maintenance man slash security guard at Lockwood for the past two years. He had gotten to know every inch of the old sanatorium. He remembered back when the place was considered a decent spot for older folks to spend their last few years. That time passed, and it went downhill until the State closed it due to unsafe conditions and, what they called, abuse. 
Over the course of time, the woods surrounding the place seemed to creep ever closer. It was slowly beginning to engulf the buildings. Barney thought it was a shame to watch the nearly two hundred thousand square feet of property slowly die and rot into oblivion. His job was not so much to repair anything, but rather to dispose of things as they fell from the ceilings and walls. Generally, he was to keep the place safe to walk through. It no longer served any of its original purposes. No healthcare or nursing care was performed in the place, at least by living, breathing humans. There could be reflections of those activities still being played out in the dead of night, by the residual energy of the long-passed occupants.  
It was these reflections that provided the income for the owners of the place. The final metamorphosis for the hulking building involved nighttime tourists hoping to catch evidence of ghosts. Barney considered himself open-minded about the possibility of paranormal activity. He had seen things and heard things in the building. At times, the place felt dead and vacant, while at other times, it was electric and energy filled the air. He wasn’t willing to say that it was actually caused by spirits or “ghosts”.
Barney always chalked it up to more natural causes. The building settling, the wind hitting the pipes, and air leaks in the building just right, or electrostatic energy in the air from storm clouds. He hadn’t seen or heard anything that he couldn’t explain as natural rather than supernatural.
Most days, Barney had an assistant who worked with him part-time. Dober was an interesting sort. Most around the Mount Hope Corners area viewed him as a halfwit. That was just how he wanted it. Dober was one of the most intelligent people Barney knew. The man had knowledge of nearly any topic. Dober was constantly reading. He was like a walking encyclopedia. To Barney, the man had become a sort of surrogate father figure. 
At about seventy-five, Dober had witnessed or been involved in nearly every phase of the Lockwood’s existence. He could walk the property in his bib overalls and his Redwing Classic workboots and tell stories of events from the early 1930s to the present. He could remember names and dates as if they were in some great database he could access telepathically. Dober would bring a craggy old hand to his week-long growth of whiskers on his chin and scratch as the memories flowed from his sharp mind. 
The old man would do that often as he and Barney worked around the Lockwood. He rarely exhibited his talents in front of other people, choosing instead to play the town idiot. Barney had asked about his acting the fool.
“Dober, why do you let folks think you’re touched in the head? You always act like you don’t know which way is up around other people. We both know you could talk rings around everyone, including most of the professors over in Eau Claire.”
“What would I gain from people knowing I’m not the fool I pretend to be? They’d start expecting me to help with the church or the school. They might want to know more about me. Some could start asking for my opinions. That all sounds like a bother to me. I like being private and keeping my opinions to myself. I expect nothing from them. Presenting myself as dumb Dober keeps them from expecting anything from me.”
When he finished his answer, he pulled on the old baseball cap that had a heavy sweat stain in the front at the base of the crown and loose strings hanging from the bill where it was nearly worn through, and went about his work.
Barney respected the simple existence Dober had chosen. He lived a life not too different from himself. Since his wife left him fifteen years earlier, he had lived alone. When the job at the Lockwood came up, it seemed the perfect fit. He could sell his house, which felt so empty, and move into the section of the Lockwood that the owners had redone. It was sparse and plain, but it was heated and air-conditioned and had a small kitchen that met the needs of a single guy. The work was at his own pace and steady. His quarters were comfortable and included as part of his compensation. All-in-all, it was a sweet arrangement.
He enjoyed his life at the Lockwood, though he questioned if he was exhibiting hermit tendencies. It seemed his interest in getting into the small villages around the Corners or to the city of Eau Claire diminished with each passing day. He liked the solitude, sprinkled with occasional conversation when Dober came to work with him.
It was in October, late in the day, when the sun was already low enough that the sky displayed a pinkish purple color that radiated out and played hide and seek with the clouds. That time of year, when the afternoon air took on a crisp chill that hinted of the winter cold just around the corner, was Barney’s favorite time.
He and Dober were working on cleaning up the drop ceiling panels that had fallen in the middle section of the Lockwood. The building had been constructed in 1918 as a tuberculosis sanatorium. Back then, it was about one-third of its current size. When streptomycin was discovered as a treatment for the disease, it was converted into a hospital for the mentally insane. The second portion of the building was added for that reincarnation, doubling the size of the footprint in 1957. By the 1970s, there was a need in the area for an elder care facility. That was when the final section was added to the complex. It ran as a state mental institution, hospice, and nursing home until its closure in 2001.
Barney and Dober were working in the nursing home portion of the building, clearing the debris from the hallway.
“Dober, we are running out of light. The sun is setting earlier every day.”
“That is true. Here in Wisconsin, we lose 2.8 to 2.9 minutes of daylight each day.”
“Are you sure you can’t get a little more specific on that answer?”                                                                   
“I probably could, because it depends on what day of the month we are talking about. In general, the average should suffice.”
“You amaze me.”
“Oh, I’ve worked with you for, what is it? About a year and a half now. I think you’re easily amazed.” 
 “You got me there. I keep my knowledge down to just what I need to get by. So anything beyond that is amazing to me.”
As the men worked, they heard the usual noises the old building normally made. Those noises happened all of the time, and the two men had grown accustomed to ignoring them. Sometimes they would hear what sounded like a woman crying or footsteps above them, but they assumed the wind or falling debris was the culprit. Neither of them was willing to accept the idea of intelligent hauntings.
Barney’s open-mindedness only went so far as to entertain the idea that human activity could be so traumatic that it is recorded in the structure. He had read a scientific account once about ancient native drums being recorded in the pottery produced at the time. He had never followed up on whether it was proven or not, but why couldn’t an event be of such monumental impact on an individual that it leaves an impression of the activity where it happened? In that case, a residual recording would play in some time interval, over and over again. 
In Barney’s mind, that would not be construed as a haunting. If he were honest, he really didn’t want there to be ghosts. He had spent so much time in the building and did not want that to be a concern. He was happy to live in a world where the dead remained dead. He wanted nothing to do with an intelligent ghost. 
“Dober, we’ve worked together for close to two years. I’ve never asked you about your thoughts on the concept of the paranormal. Do you believe in ghosts?”
“Believe is an interesting word. It refers to the acceptance of something as truth. Now we have a problem. Truth can be a relative thing. Often, reality can be perceived differently by each individual. When you ask me if I believe in ghosts, you are essentially asking me if I think ghosts are a universal truth. If I say no, then I am condemning all who accept the concept as truth. Who am I to do that?”
        “Wow, Dober, that was a long answer, if it was an answer. I essentially asked you what time it was, and you told me how to build a clock.”
“If you wanted a short answer, you should have asked someone who is a smaller thinker.”
“Once again, you have me with that one.”
The two men continued their work as they cleared the hall of the ceiling panels. The work was dirty, and the air was filled with nasty dust. Barney had his nose and mouth covered with a kerchief. Dober had a full respirator and looked a little like he was heading to a forest fire. 
The men started to shovel and push the debris down the hallway to the window at the end. Dober had hauled a dumpster around with the small front loader. They intended to shovel the waste out the window into the waiting dumpster. The plan had been a good one. They were about halfway down the hall when Barney heard a scream.
“Wait, Dober, did you hear that?”
“Hear what?”
“It sounded like a scream, a woman’s scream.”
“I didn’t hear anything. Now, who seems to be believing in ghosts?”
“I didn’t say it was a ghost. I heard a woman scream.”
Just as Barney started to look into the former patient rooms on either side of the hallway, he heard a hissing sound. It was the kind that the ghost hunters who came around associated with what they called demons. Barney was feeling pretty edgy about what was happening. Then, out of nowhere, she moved and let out a loud trill sound coming right at Barney from one of the rooms. Barney jumped back and let out a yelp. Dober turned and watched as a female raccoon scurried out of the patient room behind the running Barney. 
The raccoon swerved back and forth, trying to find a path it could follow. Once its shoulder hit the wall, it moved quickly down the hall toward the window that the two men had been pushing the trash toward. 
Barney regained his composure and started to follow the creature, who was struggling to get away. 
“Dober, look at its eyes. It doesn’t have any eyes.”
“You’re right, it looks like there are cuts around them. I think someone did that to the poor animal. It must be terribly afraid.”
“What kind of person would do that to an animal? That they not only mutilated its eyes, but then turned it loose to fend for itself blindly in the woods is awful. Someone like that has to be sick in the head.”
“You are correct. Someone like that does not deserve to be treated like a person. They should be put down, like the beast they are.”
“That is well, pretty harsh, but I understand the sentiment. What should we do? We can’t just let the poor creature stumble around until it gets killed and eaten by another predator.”
“That is a great question. If we try to catch it, we will scare it all the more. I think we are best off getting some food and water and leaving it be right here. We could finish clearing the hallway in the morning when she will probably be gone.”
“I suppose you’re right. It feels like we will be abandoning her, though.”
“Let’s just get the food and water and watch how she reacts.”
Barney grabbed some food from his lunch bag and pulled out a water bottle. He went to the end of the hall they had been cleaning, and set up a make-shift feeding station. He walked back past the raccoon. She hissed as she smelled him getting closer. Barney returned to where Dober was standing. The raccoon was between them and the window, and they backed off and gave her some space. She stood panting for a few seconds, and then her sense of smell took in the aroma of an egg salad sandwich. Slowly, she moved her shoulder to the wall toward the hope of a meal. 
Standing over the partial sandwich, she felt around until it was in her grasp. She sniffed it and then dunked it in the water, and then started to eat.
“I always get a kick out of the fact that raccoons wash their food. It seems odd that they are that clean.”
        “They don’t wash it to clean it; they wash it to soften the pads of their front feet. It enhances their sense of touch. Their paws are filled with sensitive nerves; the water activates their ability to ‘see’ the food with their sense of touch.”
“Really? All of these years, I thought they were just fussy about clean food.”
“Well, I’m sure you’re not the first or the last to think that.”
“I'd better call Sally about this.”
“What is the deputy going to do about a raccoon?”
“Somebody did this to that creature. It isn’t right to just let it go.”
“You go and call her, and we will have an investigation going on around here. I don’t like people crawling around me.”
“I can’t say I like it much either, but somebody is not right in the head if they think it’s funny to gouge the eyes out of a raccoon. I mean, they had to have knocked it out to do that. That takes planning. It wasn’t just a cruel whim. It was a premeditated act of harm.”
“I just don’t think it is something the sheriff’s department is going to want to handle anyway.”
“So you don’t think this is a big deal?”
“I’m not saying that, I just don’t think it rises to the level of calling the police.”
“I don’t know. Maybe I’ll feed her for a couple of days and think about it.”
“There you go. That sounds like a good plan.”
The two men abandoned the cleanup in the hallway for the rest of that day. Barney went on to work in the tunnels below the Lockwood. There was always stuff to knock off the walls and ceiling down there that would possibly hurt the ghost-hunting traffic. That usually happened on weekends. There was an occasional special rental by a group in the middle of the week. The fall was the busiest. Halloween brought out a lot of thrill seekers. The temperature in the building was usually neither too hot nor too cold, as it was at other times of the year.
The days rolled on, and the raccoon hung around where Barney had set up a feeding station and a sort of hutch for her to nest in. Dober hadn’t been around for the past three days. He only worked Monday through Wednesday at the Lockwood. He was retired and spent most of his time at his cabin, about three miles from the sanatorium. He was known to do a little hunting, in season or not. He generally was pretty sly about it and always used the meat of any animals he trapped or occasionally shot. The Game Warden had tried to catch him several times, but he could always outsmart the warden.


*****


Barney came to expect seeing the raccoon daily. It wasn’t a pet, and he never attempted to make it one. It was a wild animal, and he respected that. He was just providing the creature with the assistance it needed, having been damaged at the hand of another human. The days turned into weeks, and then the snow came. Winter in the north-central part of the state can be brutal. Barney attempted to give the raccoon more sheets to use to make its area warmer. Unfortunately, the blindness was one too many hurdles for survival, and in the middle of January, Barney came upon a sad sight when he went out to drop off food for the raccoon. There, frozen in the snow, was the blinded animal. It had missed its hutch by about eight feet and curled up near the foundation of the building. Barney took the small corpse and placed it in the woods. The natural order of things would dispose of the remains. He didn’t bother with any type of marker or remembrance. It was a wild animal that he helped for a period of time, and nature had determined the outcome. That was just how it went. 
Patty Robertson had several tasks on her plate. One of them was to call Barney Doyle at the Lockwood. Patty managed several properties for the Central States Paranormal Group (CSPG). Barney reported to her about the facility and handled the smaller groups that booked investigations. She dialed his number to discuss the winter season.
“Hello, this is Barney Doyle.”
“Hi, Barney. This is Patty. I wanted to touch base with you. The Lockwood doesn’t have many guests this winter season. Until we get it closed from the elements all around the building, the weather makes it quite challenging to investigate without ending up with frostbite. So, for this year, your main task will be to just watch over the place. Until we get the cameras installed, I’ll need you to do a couple of walk-throughs a day just to make sure animals didn’t take over a section, or kids didn’t try to make a portion of it a party room or something stupid like that.”
“Okay, on the decent weather days, I’ll continue with the clean out. As far as the walk-throughs, I have been doing that. On occasion, I have to chase people off the property. Some local kids have been pretty persistent about hanging around here. The biggest problem is cleaning up after them. They are drawing stuff on the walls and the floor. Since the building is so secluded, sitting here on over one hundred acres, it is a lot to watch over. Thankfully, there is rarely anything malicious; it is mostly just folks looking for a thrill.”
“Come springtime, we anticipate making a bigger push for investigations.” 
“That would be good. I do look forward to the spring. That is when Dober will come back to work three days a week. I like solitude, but I also like a conversation now and then.”
“Have you had any experiences that I could tell people about? As sort of a marketing kind of thing. I only want to hear about real events.”
 “I wouldn’t make up ghost stories. When I am here for days alone, if I walk through the sanatorium, there are times when I swear someone or something speaks to me. I generally chalk it up to being tired. I try to talk myself out of it being creepy or scary, except when I hear my name. For some reason, the personal nature of hearing one’s name changes the feel of it. I sort of freeze when that happens and look around, trying to determine from which direction it came. Too often, it is soft and has a kind of echo to it. That makes figuring out an origin impossible. Then there is the shadow. I’ve chased the shadow more than once. I swear it is someone sneaking around, but every time I think I have them cornered, no one is there.” 
“Those are good stories. I think I can use them.”
“Oh, well, glad I could help.”
Barney thought about what he had just shared with Patty. After a while, loneliness can do things to a person. He realized he had turned inward too much. The voices were probably an example of the problem. He needed to spend some time with people. Probably more people than Dober. He actually knew many folks in the area. He had grown up very close by and gone to school with several of the prominent citizens in the small towns around the Lockwood. Sally was probably the one person he enjoyed talking with the most. His thoughts were pulled back to the phone call when Patty spoke.  
“Okay, well, if you need anything, don’t hesitate to call. If I get a group willing to brave the cold, I’ll let you know.”
“Sounds good, goodbye.”
“Goodbye.”
Barney got off the phone and considered whether to call Sally. He hadn’t spoken to her for nearly a month. He didn’t want her to think he was ignoring her friendship. He looked at his phone to dial when he heard a vehicle pull into the Lockwood gate. It was a Sheriff’s deputy SUV. Barney walked out to the drive in front of the sanatorium to see what it was about.
The vehicle pulled up, and Sally Thomas stepped out.
“Sally? What are you doing here?”
“Is that any way to greet an old high school buddy?”
“I am surprised, that’s all. To be perfectly honest, I was just about to call you when you pulled in.”
“You were, what about?”
Barney wasn’t really sure how to answer. He thought about their relationship. They had a friendship that ran very deep, having known each other since grade school. There was a time when he had thought they could be more than friends, but life happens. He had gone off to college and met the woman who became his wife. That had set the course for him and Sally to remain just friends. Now she stood before him, asking why he was going to call her. 
“I just needed a friend to talk to. It seems I have gotten myself into a rut of being alone. Before I went full-on hermit, I thought I should reach out to the real world. And my favorite part of the world is you.”
“I suppose I should take that as a compliment.”
“I meant it as just truth, but it does mean you are important to me.”
He stopped; perhaps he had said too much. Being alone makes a person a little over-anxious to tell people what they’re thinking. He decided to change topics.
“So, I explained why I was calling. Why did you drive all the way out here?”
She smiled at her friend. They had history, and whenever a person has that kind of connection, it can sometimes get complicated.   
She had never married. She joined the police force in Eau Claire right out of college and worked there for nearly twenty-five years. When the sheriff’s department was looking for deputies, she applied and moved back home, hoping to reconnect with him. That was about the time Barney started working at the Lockwood. She wanted to blurt out her feelings for him, but lost the nerve. 
“I had a call out this direction, and since I was here, I had to stop by. It has been so long since we talked. I can’t believe I’m saying this, but I missed you.”
Barney laughed as she spoke. 
“Aren’t we a pair? Standing out here, grilling each other over why we would want to talk.”
They both laughed.
“Come inside to talk; we don’t need to stand out here where it is so chilly.”
“So what do you do out here all day?”
“I am responsible for making sure nobody is out here that shouldn’t be, and maintaining the place as best as it can be. I clean out the halls as debris accumulates, so the investigations can happen without people tripping on stuff. So, I am a part-time security guard and part-time janitor, I guess.”
“Do you like being out here alone so much? I mean, the place is pretty creepy.”
“It’s not so bad. I try not to wander the place in the dark too much. Your mind can play tricks on you out here. I’ve heard things and seen shadows. That bothers me sometimes. I guess mainly because I don’t have anyone to talk it over with after. You know, someone to help me calm down and rationalize the whole thing. I figure most of that stuff is just in my head. It’s easy to get carried away out here because the place looks like the setting of every horror movie ever.”
“You got that right. If I heard voices, I would be out of here in a heartbeat. I worry about you here. Don’t you think you would like a job that lets you have a little more free time? I mean a job where you could be in town a little more often. So you could see … ahh … friends?”
“Don’t worry about me. I think I can handle this place. I do get lonely now and then, but I do have free time. I read and walk quite a bit. That keeps me informed and in shape.” 
He looked at Sally. Her hair now had a hint of grey in its brunette waves that nearly reached her collar. Her pretty face still had the faint freckles that she had hated in middle school. Her eyes were still as bright, clear, and blue as they were when they met. 
It was during those lonely times that he would think of Sally. It just always seemed like the two of them could talk. It didn’t seem to matter what the topic was; he just enjoyed her company. He didn’t know how to tell her that.
“When the lonely feelings happen, I try to keep myself even busier.”
“So there isn’t much excitement out here then.”
“Excitement, well, there are the high school kids that think they are into the occult, I have to run off about once a week. I did have the raccoon incident.”
“I probably need to know more about the kids, but first, what happened with a raccoon?”
Sally was being sarcastic. She assumed a little story about a cute raccoon was about to be spun.
“Dober and I were cleaning out the west wing of the first floor. The ceiling tiles in this place are always falling, so they need to be cleared out. Anyway, we were working when I heard a woman scream.”
“Wait, a woman was screaming?”
“I heard one, but no one was there.”
“Barney, you are saying that like it is no big deal. Are you sure no one was there?”
“Yes, I hear those kinds of sounds all the time. I assume it just sounds like a woman. It more than likely is just the wind being distorted by pipes or something. That really doesn’t have much to do with the raccoon, though.”
“Okay, I just don’t like the idea of a woman screaming without knowing exactly why, but go ahead. Tell me about the raccoon. We can come back to the woman issue.”
“So I was looking into the patient rooms on either side of the hall to see if there was anyone, and then I heard a hissing sound. That kind of bothered me. You see the investigators that come out here talk about what they find, and hissing is supposed to be a demon. I don’t buy into that stuff, but when you hear hissing, it’s difficult not to think about it.”
“So, is this raccoon a demon?”
“No, of course not. I was just saying it had me a little spooked, and then out of nowhere, a raccoon came at me. I hate to admit it, but I ran like a fool.”
Sally started giggling at Barney’s story about being scared by a raccoon.
“All right, all right, that is enough laughing at me. You would have run away as well, face it.”
“Okay, probably, but thinking of you running away from a raccoon is still pretty funny.”
“Here is where it takes a really dark turn.”
“Are we going to be talking about ghosts?”
“No, you really are impatient when it comes to stories. Is that your detective instinct coming out?”
“Sorry, just tell your story.”
“The raccoon acted really strangely. It ran down the hall, swerving left to right like it didn’t know where it was going. Once it got next to the wall, it moved along the hall, leaning its front shoulder on the wall. When we looked a little closer, it didn’t have any eyes.”
“Like it was born without them?”
“No, this is the dark part. They had been gouged out.”
“What do you mean, like another animal had done it in a fight?”
“No, like a human cut them out, or maybe burned them out.”
“Oh my god. Why didn’t you call me? That is a horrible thing to do to an animal.”
“I thought I should, but Dober talked me out of it.”
“Dober? You listen to him?”
“Don’t let Dober’s act fool you. He is probably the smartest person I know. If there is something he doesn’t know anything about, I haven’t found it. He thought it was terrible that the animal had been mutilated, but that it didn’t rise to the level of crime  that would require the sheriff to be involved.”
“If he is as smart as you say, it concerns me that he said that. This is considered a precursor act. It could be a sign that someone may move on to larger animals or even people. It is definitely something we would want to know about. What happened to the raccoon?”
“I fed and watered her for several days. Unfortunately, she froze to death because she couldn’t find her nest. I threw the carcass into the woods to decompose.”
“I don’t suppose you took any photographs.”
“No, I hadn’t thought to start an album of her.”
“Don’t joke, the cuts around the eyes could be matched up with the weapon or edged tool that did the act.”
“Oh, I guess I hadn’t thought about that. There is no chance the carcass is still where I threw it. Another animal probably made off with it that day.”
“How much do you really know about Dober?”
“Dober? I’ve worked with him for a couple of years. He is what I would call a recluse. He fakes the halfwit role to keep people at arm's length. Why do you ask?”
“The fact that he didn’t want you to call law enforcement makes me wonder if he played a part in what happened to the raccoon.”
“Dober? No, he was just as upset about the poor animal as I was. In fact, he was ready to see whoever did to be put down like a rabid dog.”
“He said they should be put down?”
“Yes, I think that was exactly what he said.”
“That didn’t bother you?”
“I said it was a little over the top, but I understood the sentiment. I mean, who does something like that to a poor animal and then turns them loose in the woods? That was like condemning the raccoon to a horrible death. Which it ended up suffering, as it turns out.”
“Where does he live?”
“Just three miles down the road. You aren’t going to go bother him, are you?”
“I think I need to question him. It sure seems odd that he did not want to call the law. I think he meant it when he said whoever did it should be put down. I think he was talking about himself. People who commit acts that far out of the norm sometimes want to be caught and punished. He could be asking for help.”
“I think you are off target with him. He is more stable than that, in my opinion. If you are going to talk to him, I guess I can’t stop you.” 
“I have to do my job. You know I can’t just let this go.”
“I guess I do.”
“I should be going.”
Sally realized she was doing something that upset Barney. Dober was a person he recognized as a friend. He didn’t like that something he said was going to cause his friend to be disturbed. She felt bad that it had to be that way. She also felt bad that it essentially ended their conversation. Barney was no longer in the mood to share time with her.
“Yeah, I should get to work.”
“Well, don’t take so long to decide to call me next time. I’m here if you need someone to talk to.”
“Yeah, I will keep that in mind.”
“Okay, I’ll let you know if I feel we need to go any further than a conversation with Dober.”
Barney just shook his head. He was too preoccupied with the idea that Sally was going to find Dober.
Sally went to her vehicle and climbed in. She started the engine and rolled the window down. 
“Hope to see you again soon.”
Barney gave a forced smile and waved, and then hurriedly moved out of sight.
Sally left, hoping she had not ruined the chances of spending more time with a man she had feelings for since she was a little girl.
 
*****


        “Dorian, do you realize how hard your mother and I work to provide you with all the best? Young man, it’s time you started to step up. This is your senior year at Memorial. You are graduating in four months. It’s time you start acting like a young adult and not the spoiled brat you’ve done such a great job in perfecting. I am sick and tired of buying you out of trouble.”
“You are tired of buying me out of trouble, that’s a joke! You, with your high-priced lawyers that keep you out of jail for tax evasion and cheating your employees and business partners. You aren’t even faithful to Mom. I’m just like you, Daddy. All you do for me is based on money. I don’t know why you and that lady who says she is my mother ever had me. She didn’t even show up for my birthday. The two of you don’t want to spend any time with me, but that’s okay. I don’t need you, I just need what you can buy. So why don’t you spare me your lecture about growing up? I worry about myself, just the way you taught me, because all you think about is you, and all she does is think about herself. So, there you have it, I’m just like you … DAD!”
“I’m through talking with you. You have no respect. You are not worth my time.”
“That’s right, I’m not profitable, so you have to go play with your company. Go on, I don’t need you. You’ve hated me ever since the accident.”
“Don’t ever bring up the accident! I have to go, but you’re grounded. Don’t even think about leaving this house tonight!”
Dorian didn’t answer. He didn’t have to. He was not going to allow any orders from his dad to get in the way of his plans.
Dorian Brendon was a senior at Memorial High School. He and his group of friends were constantly looking for their next thrill. Recently, he had introduced the group to the occult. He was fascinated by the idea of conjuring a demon. At first, he thought it was all just bull crap. Then he came across a book on demonology and the occult. He found it online on the dark web. His father would freak out if he knew he had purchased the software to access those sites. There was a whole world in this hidden portion of the web dedicated to the occult. In the chat rooms, he was referred to a site where he could get THE book. It had no name, just a modified inverted pentagram. As he understood it the inverted pentagram represented the devil or demons. The rituals described the methods for drawing an inhuman entity into the world of humans. Dorian was intent on attempting to call forth an entity to do his bidding. 
He had no real idea of the powers to which he was exposing himself and his friends. The whole thing was making Crystal nervous. She had just arrived after Dorian’s father left.  She was sitting with him in his room, talking.
“So, your dad’s pretty upset with you.”
“Who cares? He is just embarrassed he can’t bully me like he does his employees.”
“You have done some interesting things this year. I mean, who gets picked up for drunk driving in a stolen car?”
“If the car wasn’t available for anyone to take, they shouldn’t have left the keys in it.”
“What about the graffiti on Mr. Kendall's house?”
“If a teacher has the right to grade us, we should have the right to grade them. I gave him a D. I could have failed him. I think it’s time we take our pact up another notch. We have been playing with the stuff from the book. I am ready to get real with it.”
“Dorian, what are you going to do next? It seems there isn’t a thrill you won’t go after. That stuff really scares me.”
“I’ve been reading a lot about that kind of thing. I think we could actually call something forth if we try. Think about the power that would be. You can’t chicken out now, not after all we’ve already done. I think the rest are ready for the next step.”
“You know, I’m with you, I have been since before we started school. Do you remember that?”
“Sure, your Dad was the first agent in my mom’s real estate company. We used to play in the back room at her office.”
“That was fun. We’ve been through so much together. I can’t believe we graduate in May. So many changes over the years. We had those little houses in Eau Claire; now you are out here living in this huge place.”
“Yeah, I call it the guilt house. Dad had this built for Mom after his first affair. It is big and designed and decorated by the best. But it is cold; there is no warmth of home here. About the only good thing about it is that it is close to the Lockwood. I think if we do our ritual out there, the extra energy will help it work.”
“The guy out there has kicked us out every time we’ve tried stuff there.”
“I think we can take care of him.”
“What do you mean by that?”
“Some things are best unsaid.”
Crystal just looked at her friend. She didn’t know how far Dorian would go. He had been getting more and more rebellious over the last few years. He hated his parents. All the money in the world can’t replace love and time. His parents had offered precious little of either in a long time. Dorian was often left alone; it had been that way since he was about twelve. That was when the accident with his brother happened. Dorian never talked about it; it was like it never happened. But his parents didn’t want much to do with him after the incident occurred. He always had anything he wanted except time with his parents. They had come to believe that expensive toys were a perfectly good replacement for giving of themselves. Her thoughts were interrupted by the ringing of the doorbell. 
Dorian checked his phone to see who was at the door. It turned out to be the rest of his little group. Crystal’s brother Ben, Bobbie Murrey, and Dan Zinkie. Dorian’s friends were, for the most part, kids looking for attention or just hunting thrills. Crystal’s brother Ben wasn’t good in the classroom, but was a wizard on computers. Bobbie was the daughter of the State Bank president. She had sought attention in several ways throughout high school. She became the easy girl as a freshman. When she got tired of being used, she found her current group. Dan was a wild man. He spent more time in the detention room than he did in classrooms.
Crystal went to open the door.
“Hi, guys. Dorian is upstairs.”
“Is he working on the 'project’ we’ve been talking about?”
“Yeah, Dan, he wants to get back out to the Lockwood and try the full ritual.”
“Did he find the sigil for Balsadore?”
“Don’t say that name!”
“Ah, come on, Crystal. You always get so jumpy about this stuff. Can you imagine the wild time we would be part of if this works?”
“Yeah, Crystal, this is our time. Nobody cares about us. It’s time we made some noise.”
“Bobbie, do you really understand what we are messing with? I mean, we’ve played with the stuff. We’ve drawn symbols out at the Lockwood and other stuff, but actually trying to call forth a demon, that’s going too far, isn’t it?”
“Sis, you could be overreacting. Do you really think we are going to get this ritual right?”
“Ben, I think Dorian is committed. When he puts his mind to something, it happens. I don’t like where this is headed. The stuff with the animals is too creepy.”
“You are being too dramatic.”
“Tell me that when we can’t control what happens.” 
“I’m sorry, I don’t really think he can do it. He is just being Dorian. He has everything in life a guy needs, but it is never enough. He always has to be the victim. This isn’t going to work, and it will be your fault or mine or theirs. It is never Dorian’s fault.”
“I would have to agree with Ben. Lately, the stuff he is doing isn’t fun anymore. We aren’t just sticking it to the school or parents. He thinks we need to … I don’t know, destroy the world, I guess. I think the guy has visions of superpowers.”
Bobbie just wanted to get on with the night and have some fun.
“Come on, guys, let’s just go upstairs, this is all just for laughs anyway.”
Dorian was waiting for the group to get to his room. He had a large space with a full sitting area around his video equipment. On the table in front of the couch, he had the book of incantations he had bought off the dark web. Over the past eighteen months, he and his friends had gotten progressively deeper into the occult. Dorian loved the theatrics of rituals and the idea of conjuring a demon to exact his wrath on the world.
________________


Chapter 3


        Deputy Sally Thomas pulled off County Trunk Z onto a gravel driveway that led back to a small cabin buried in the woods of north central Wisconsin. The cabin was the home of Dober Grumby. Dober had lived there for most of his seventy-five years on this earth. He had been born in a converted chicken coop on a farm about twenty miles to the northeast of his current cabin. Over the ensuing seventy-five years, he was never more than fifty miles from his home, except for the four years during his military service in Vietnam. Since he returned, he had no interest in being around or involved with other people.
“You don’t need to get out of your car.”
“Mr. Grumby, I’m Deputy Sally Thomas. I just have a few questions for you.”
“Right now, you are trespassing. Unless you have a warrant, you have no business here.”
“Please, Mr Grumby, there is no need for that. I just want to know about the raccoon at the Lockwood.”
Sally was looking at the cabin. She was particularly interested in the raccoon pelts that were hung on the exterior wall to dry. There were other animal pelts as well. The deputy knew trapping or hunting raccoons was legal for Wisconsin residents for another three months, so having them was not actually a problem. It seemed too coincidental. 
“Mr. Grumby, if I have to go get a warrant, I’ll be turning over every part of your place. I don’t think you want that. We can settle this right now if you just allow me to come closer and ask you a few questions.”
The man in the cabin was having no part in talking with the deputy and was not very happy about being threatened. Sally saw the barrels of a shotgun stick out of the cabin window. The person holding the gun cocked both barrels in the deputy’s full view.
“I told you, you are trespassing. You have now threatened me with an unlawful search. Under the Wisconsin Castle Doctrine, I have the right to defend my property, even if it takes deadly force. So I am offering you the opportunity to leave now. Otherwise, I am going to use my rights to defend my person and my property. Have I made myself clear?”
“You have made yourself clear. Let me make myself clear. I will be back with a warrant.”
“You need reasonable suspicion of a crime having been committed or in the process of being committed. I defy you to present evidence that I have done anything illegal. You know that you have nothing on me. This was a big fishing trip. Go on back to civilization and leave this old man alone!”
Sally had actually been bluffing. No judge would grant a search warrant on her gut feeling. There was no evidence or signs of brutality to animals. She would need more than the fact that he wanted to be left alone. 
“I’m leaving, but I will be back. If I find you had anything to do with mutilating that raccoon, I promise I will bring down the full force of the law.”
She took a photograph of the raccoon pelts on the cabin while seated in her vehicle. The man in the cabin fired one shot in the air. That was not illegal since it was on his land and endangered no one. She began to back out of the lane to his cabin. Once back on County Trunk Z, Thomas turned toward the Eau Claire County Sheriff’s Office.
It took nearly half an hour to get to the office. On her drive, she thought about Grumby. What was his problem with talking to her? Was he hiding something, or just that private? Barney had said he was not one for talking to people easily. She could not get the feeling that the man was weird out of her mind. Living alone at his age was risky; he could have dementia, and who would see the signs until it was too late? 
She understood loneliness. One can feel that anywhere. It is not a condition that depends on solitude. Being around people is not the same as being with people. She had not been with a person in years. She needed the feeling that someone cared about her. She was alone in the world and had been most of her life. 
Barney had been her person. Then he found someone else and created a life without her. Perhaps it would have been different if she had been more open about her feelings for him back then. She allowed him to think her interest was only as a friend. She had been focused on her career, and she had a problem expressing her feelings. One could call it being shy, but it was more. She had seen her parents grow to hate one another; she was afraid that would happen to her as well. Neither of them had been good at being in a relationship, so why would she be any better?
Her shift was ending as she pulled into the office. She spoke with a couple of the other deputies and then drove to her apartment. It was actually half of a duplex. Her landlord lived in the other half. They were a retired couple who were always very interested in what had happened each day at her work. She often tried to sneak into her home just so she wouldn’t have to have a conversation with them. They were nice folks, they were just a little bored and looking to hear something exciting. She parked on the street and walked to her side door. She was nearly inside when she heard her landlord, Mr. Bartles. 
“Hi, Sally, busy day at work?”
“Oh, hi, Mr. Bartles. Not much is going on today. I just came from Dober Grumby’s.”
“Really? We heard on the scanner that there was a wreck down 37. Do you know if anyone was hurt?”
“I wasn’t on that call. I’m not sure if anyone was injured or hurt.”
“It sounded pretty bad; they had two ambulances out there.”
“See, there, you know more than I do. I was on the other side of the county most of the day. Just talking to people about the raccoon someone abused.”
        “Dober abused a raccoon? What did he do?”
        “I didn’t say Dober did it. I’m still working on the investigation. I shouldn’t say anything more.”
        “I understand, but the reason I’m asking is that a few months back, there was a raccoon that showed up on my cousin’s farm that had been tortured. Its eyes had been gouged out of its head, but it was still alive. Whoever did it turned it loose to wander in the woods. It made its way to my cousin’s barn.”
“So, you never reported that?”
“No, I thought maybe my cousin would, we thought it was maybe some kids messing around playing nasty pranks. We saw a group of about five or six of them on the backside of the Lockwood Sanatorium. His farm shares a property line with that place.”
“Okay, let me get this all straight. Sometime around, what, like September, this happened?”
“Yes, I think so.”
Mrs. Bartles was wondering where her husband had gotten off to, so she came around the corner to check on him.
 “Hi, Sally dear, how was your day? What have you two been talking about?”
“Hi, Mrs. Bartles. Your husband was telling me about the raccoon at his cousin’s farm.”
“Oh, that poor thing. It was simply brutal what someone did to that animal. That is actually MY first cousin.”
“Well, that makes him my cousin as well.”
“I guess so, but not a blood cousin.”
“Okay, okay, I’ll let the two of you define the relationship later. Right now, I need all of the facts about the raccoon. You see, the one I was looking into had the same thing happen to it; the eyes were gouged out.”
“Oh my god, there was a second one that was mutilated like that?”
“Yes, Mrs. Bartles. That is why I need to know everything about the one on your cousin’s farm. So it took place in September, and the farm is adjacent to the Lockwood. Is that right so far?”
“Yes, that is absolutely right. He put it in a rabbit hutch he was no longer using. He fed it and cared for it for nearly a month. Then it got out of the cage somehow, and the next time he saw it, the poor thing was dead and half-eaten. Who do you think is doing this?”
“I couldn’t tell you that if I knew. It is an ongoing investigation.”
“Ooo, an investigation, that sounds exciting. Is there any way we could help? Do you want me to call my cousin?”
“I may need his address and phone number, but that will be the extent of any assistance I would want you to get involved in. I am concerned that someone who is doing something like that may graduate into much worse types of cruelty.”
“Do you mean to animals, or are you saying there is someone out there that might be ready to do something like that to people?”
“No, no, there is no need to start talking about that. I just want to find whoever is doing this to raccoons and get it stopped, okay?”
“Well, I’ve seen shows on the television that were doc … documents isn’t the right word. Ahh … what were they called?”
Mrs. Bartles was addressing the question to her husband.
“I don’t know for sure where you were going with that. Did you mean documentaries?”
“That’s it! Documentaries are what I meant. I’ve seen some of those about killers, and some started out killing and mutilating small animals. I think that is what you’re worried about, isn’t it?”
“Mrs. Bartles, there is no point in getting all stirred up about something that probably has more to do with those kids your husband said have been seen out at the Lockwood than it does some would-be killer. Let’s not go getting rumors started.”
“Rumors! I would never do that, dear. What we talk about stays right here between us, that’s all there is to it. I think we'd better let Sally get into her house and get some rest. It sounds like she is going to have a lot of work to do tomorrow.”
The couple started walking to their side of the duplex.
“Goodnight, Sally.”
“Yes, dear, goodnight.”
“Goodnight.”
Sally walked into her apartment. She had hoped it would feel warmer, but she remembered she had turned the thermostat down to sixty-two degrees during the day. She immediately turned it up and went to put on her sweatpants and a hooded sweatshirt. As she changed, she thought about the fact that there had been a second raccoon mutilated in that fashion. It was really starting to bother her that someone was out there doing such things to animals. Though she had attempted to quell Mrs. Bartle's concerns that whoever did it might hurt a human, she was afraid that was exactly what could happen.


*****


        The dark cabin had a smell of sweat and the coppery scent of blood, which was mixed with the musty, rotting stench of an old building. In the center of the room was an old wooden table. The top had a large, deep red stain smeared across it. In the center of the top, a large cleaver was stuck into the wood. A shadowed figure inhabited the edges of the room, moving slowly, methodically. The figure reached into a cage on the floor and snatched up a small creature. The beast fought, biting and clawing at the gloved hands with no effect. It was slammed onto the table with such force as to stun the animal. Four ropes, each tied to a leg of the table, were flipped onto the table one at a time. Slowly, as if relishing the torment being inflicted on the creature, each leg was tied and stretched out until the animal was spread-eagled on the table top. Its head was rolling side to side, fighting its constraints, teeth gnashing, as it growled and hissed.  
The little beast was forced to stay there, perhaps as entertainment for the shadowy figure. Minutes passed as it fought hopelessly against the ropes. When the show grew wearisome, a gloved hand clamped down on the creature’s head. The other hand came forth with a heated knife, the blade glowing red. With deft movement, the knife plunged into the animal’s left eye, eliciting a screeching howl. The eye itself was popped onto the table as the heated blade cauterized the wound with a sickening sizzle. The act was repeated on the right eye, again drawing the anguished cry from the trapped prey.
The deed was completed, and the animal lay on the table writhing in pain, exhausted from the ordeal. One gloved hand held the victim down while the other untied the ropes. The beast was thrown back into the cage, and the figure grabbed a bucket of water and splashed the table to remove the remnants of his brutality.
The shadow moved to the corner of the room, taking a seat to observe the recent modification to his victim. He breathed a sigh as the rush was so short-lived. He was tired of the same outcome. 
“These little vermin are of no challenge for me. My work on them no longer offers the rush and reward it once did. I need more. I need a victim who can verbalize their feelings, who can plead for their eyesight before I take it. That would be the ultimate opportunity, the perfect control that I seek. It is time to make my next move toward gaining perfection. I need to show them all, don’t I, Father?
“Why do you never speak when I talk to you? Only when I try to sleep do you chatter about your disappointment in me. Every day you tear me down. You’ve done that since I can remember. You have always blamed me for Daryl. I didn’t hurt him. He lit that fire! I didn’t make it blow up in his face. I still remember his eyes melting as his face burned. I rolled on him to put it out. You should have done something, called the doctor, anything. He lay here for four days in agony. It was you who let him die. I remember, even though it was all those years ago.
“You chattered then about him getting tougher. He wasn’t man enough for you. Neither of us was. I still hear you. That chattering is always about wanting me to be stronger, tougher. You have never been happy with who I am. I will show you, you’ll see just how important I am.” 


*****


        Betty Bartles could not wait to get back to her apartment. As soon as she walked in, she pulled her phone out of her apron. She immediately called her friend Dorothy. Her friend ran the local beauty parlor and was noted as the news source for the whole area. Some may say she was a gossip, but that would be unfair. In a small town, the continuity of the community, the glue, is based on a shared worldview. That has to be perpetuated somewhere. The burden generally falls on locations where the interaction of members of all stations converges. Though times are changing, the adults in a community still frequent specialists for at least one common act. Hair parlors and barber shops still provide a common ground in most communities. Though the names have changed, hair stylists and grooming lounges, along with thousands of catchy names that replace the generic monikers, are still the conduit of information for many small-town inhabitants.
“Hello, this is Dorothy. Is this personal or for the shop?”
Dorothy worked out of her home. She had a front room set up as her shop and lived in the rest of the place. She only had one phone for the shop and her personal calls.
“Hi, Dorothy. This is Betty Bartles. Have I got news for you.”
“Oh, that is good. There hasn’t been much to talk about lately. I hope it’s juicy.”
“This isn’t gossip, mind you. This is actual police business.”
“Oh, this isn’t about the accident, is it? I have heard all of that story; no one was seriously hurt.”
Dorothy’s voice sounded a little disappointed with the lack of bodily injury.
“No, it has nothing to do with that. Someone is abusing raccoons!”
“Okay, so we have a sicko in the community who doesn’t like animals?”
“It’s not just that. The sheriff’s office is questioning Dober. Have you seen the shows about killers? They always look for when and how they were triggered into killing. It always starts with abusing small animals.”
“Are you saying Dober is a killer, or going to be one?”
“No, I didn’t say that. One could come up with that conclusion, though, I guess. Of course, there are those kids.”
“What kids?”
“There are some kids who have been messing around in the woods. I suppose they could be involved.”
“Well, now it is getting juicy. Dober, a killer. I just thought of him as sort of the town dunce, but not a killer. It takes all types, doesn’t it?”
“It sure does. Well, I thought you should know.”
        The role of these society-leveling establishments is still quite clear. They act as the conduit through which information is transmitted community-wide. The problem that arises, of course, is that once the word is passed along, the continued versions are altered in the hands of those less practiced at repeating the stories verbatim. Like a giant round of telephone, the children's game where a phrase is shared by whisper from one child to the next until it makes it around the room, resulting in an entirely different phrase, so is the spread of news, once out of the hands of the beautician.


*****


        Barney thought about his conversation with Sally. He realized he shouldn’t have been so upset with her. She was just trying to do her job, but it bothered him that he would be responsible for Dober being disturbed. He knew the older man eschewed contact with most people. He was a private man. He did not associate with anyone near his home. That was an off-limits location. Dober had made that very clear. Even Barney had never been inside his cabin, and he was the one person that Dober considered a friend. Sally was going to anger him just by wanting to ask questions on his property. He hoped Dober would not hold the intrusion against him.
        “Okay, it’s time I do a walk-through of the sanatorium. I feel silly that I talk to myself when I’m doing this. However, it makes me feel better, like I have someone with me. Sometimes I sing. That is pretty sad, because I cannot sing. I don’t believe in ghosts, but the creepiness of that building at night gets close to being more than I can handle. I would think I’d be used to it by now.”
        Barney walked out of his housing unit at the end of the facility and began his trip through the building, entering the basement tunnel.
        “I hate this tunnel. It smells down here, and the air is always damp feeling, even this time of the year when it dries out with the cold. This is where I see that damn shadow figure all the time.”
        The flashlight Barney was carrying started to flicker. He hit the side of it, trying to jar the batteries and reset the light. 
        “What is going on with this light? I just put new batteries in this thing. It can’t be running low. I brought more batteries, but do I stand here in the dark changing them?”
        He shook the flashlight a few more times, but it was flickering continuously. He had to change the batteries. He grabbed them in his pocket. His hands were shaking. Barney had never been this disturbed by the walk-through. He took a deep breath and rotated the base of the light, and it went out. He fumbled in the dark to take the three batteries out and replace them. It took about two minutes to complete. Just as he was about to twist the end back on the light, he felt a hand on his shoulder. That made him jump just as the light came on. He swung around, looking for who or what had just touched him. 
“Who is here? Show yourself! You need to get out of here right now. You are trespassing.”
        Barney was angry and searching in earnest for whoever he had felt. He walked quickly through the lower level of the building and then moved up to the main floor. 
        “If I find you, all I will do is ask you to leave. There is no reason to hide. This is private property. It is my job to keep people out, for their own safety. Just show yourself, and I will walk you out.”
        Barney stopped when he got to the “Grand Central” spot of the building. That was what he called it anyway. This was where the hallways fanned out in the three directions of the building. From that central spot, he could look down to the end of each hallway. He directed the beam of light down on each one. As he swung the light down the second hall, he caught the dark shadow of a figure running into the room at the end. After the initial shock of seeing the figure, he ran toward it, believing he would finally catch them.
        “There is no point in trying to hide in there. You have nowhere to go. Just come out, and we can end this game.”
        Barney stepped to the doorway of the room.
        “Alright, the game is over. It’s time for you to leave!”
        His light made its way around the room searching for the person he was chasing. There was no one there.
        “How is this possible?”
        Barney stood there, dumfounded by the shadow figure’s disappearance, when he heard a breathy, taunting voice.
        “Bar-ney … Bar-ney”
        Unsure of what was happening, Barney slowly stepped back out of the room. As he turned to retreat up the hallway, he saw the shadow figure standing in the middle of “Grand Central”, where the three hallways merged. It stood there as if he wanted to make certain Barney saw it and then moved down the right hall. Barney tried to wrap his mind around what had just happened. The figure had glided out of view rather than seeming to run away.
        “That is it. I’ve had enough of this for one night. I will check the building again in the morning, but this is not right. I’m done, and out of here.”
        He made his way as quickly as he could to the shelter of his apartment. Once there, he turned on the television and left it on all night. He didn’t want any voices or sounds that weren’t under his control. What had just happened? That was far more intense than the occasional glimpses of shadows he had experienced up to that point. If there wasn’t a person there, what was it? He had to be over tired. That was his only rational explanation for the events that had just unfolded. It would all be better in the morning.


*****


        Two days later, the story had made the rounds of the most diligent members of the community hotline. Betty was making coffee when the phone rang. It was Thelma Davies.
“Hello.”
        “Betty, you will never guess what I heard.”
“Hi, Thelma. What’s going on?”
“This is big. Do you know Dober Grumby?”
“Sure, he lives over by the Lockwood in a cabin.”
“He killed someone, I think it was a burglar, because they had a mask. That’s not all. He also molested some teens out in the woods.” 
Betty did not stop to think that what she was hearing was a bastardized version of her own tale, told to Dorothy.
“Oh my goodness, have the police arrested him?”
“No, they say they are still investigating. I don’t understand the law today. How could they let this maniac wander around? They don’t care enough about the safety of the community.”
“I agree, I’ll have to have a word with Sally Thomas. She is our tenant, you know.”
“Well, I hope you can light a fire under the deputy. We need this taken care of right away.”


*****
 
Sally had not slept well. The whole mutilated raccoon issue had her a little spooked, and the rough way her conversation ended with Barney bothered her. She was sitting at the small counter that faced the galley-style kitchen. She wasn’t a coffee drinker, so she preferred a glass of orange juice. As she sipped it, she thought of how many years she had done this exact act, alone. 
It wasn’t that she hadn’t had a good life. She had always held a steady job, doing work she felt was rewarding and for the good of her community. She had good health and had an abundance of material items based on her humble needs. Companionship was what she lacked. She had plenty of friends, but they were all at arm's length from her. She was not close with anyone, at least not the type of close she longed for.
Introspective thinking always seemed to get her down. She determined there was nothing good that would come of continued self-reflection. She shook it off and went on to her tasks at hand. It had been nearly a week since she had spoken to Barney. Perhaps he had more insight into the issue with the raccoon. It occurred to her that he would not be aware of the second raccoon that was found at Betty’s cousin’s place. She got ready for the day and called in to the office to inform them of her intentions for the morning.
“Dispatch, this is Thomas.”
“Go for dispatch.”
“I am headed out to the Lockwood to do a follow-up with Barney Doyle regarding the animal mutilation.”
“Hi Sally, Morris, here. You may want to swing past Dorothy Cooper’s. There have been several folks calling asking when Dober Grumby will be arrested for the child molestation.”
“Calling for what?”
“Somehow word has made it around the Corners that Dober molested a teenager who was in the woods by the Lockwood after he killed a masked burglar.”
“Where did a story like that come from?”
“You know how gossip spreads. I figure if you let Dorothy know there is nothing to it, we may nip it at the roots. Oh, hey, I kind of made a joke there. Did you get it, hair parlor, nip it at its roots?”
“Yeah, I got it. Good one. I’ll head over to Dorothy’s after the Lockwood. Out.”
“Clear.”
Sally hoped her neighbor was not responsible for the misinformation that was now flowing through the community. She did not trust Dober, but he didn’t deserve to be labeled a child molester or a killer. At least, not based on the information she had. How could she quell the rumors when it was obvious that they had already permeated the community? Perhaps Dorothy was the one best positioned to curb the onslaught of the grizzly false accusations. Sally would stop at her place as soon as she finished her visit to the Lockwood Sanatorium.


*****
        
        Sleep, it’s an odd phenomenon each of us experiences in our own way. For some, it may be a time of vivid dreams, filled with both fantastic fantasy or terrible horror. For others, that brain activity is immediately forgotten, lodged in the subconscious. The rest and revitalization that result from sleep are elements required for a healthy life. Sleep allows the body to rebuild its immunity. It supports normal brain functions, regulates emotions, and maintains hormonal balance. An ongoing issue of insomnia can lead to emotional disorders, irritability, anxiety, and depression. Extended occurrences can cause major mental harm, particularly for persons without strong support systems otherwise. Paranoia and hallucinations are not uncommon for persons suffering from severe sleep deprivation.
Barney Doyle had not slept for four days. Since his episode with the shadow figure, sleep was impossible. He feared the presence of something he could not understand. He did not allow himself to accept the premise that ghosts existed, so he either imagined it happened, in which case he was delusional, or there was a human who was purposely tormenting him. Neither of those conclusions lent him any comfort. He was on a jagged edge. Talking to himself had become a frequent reality for Barney.                                                  
“Why would someone be tormenting me? Who is doing it? I can’t be just imagining these things. Someone is whispering my name, taunting me, repeating it in a school kid’s sing-song method. Why would a ghost do that? Why am I forgetting things? I left the kettle I had started for tea sitting on the stove until the water boiled away. I could have started a fire. I’ve left my keys in several places, and I have trouble finding them. I’m spending time looking for them. It’s such a waste of my effort.”
 He looked the part of a man slowly losing grip with reality. Unshaven and unbathed, he wandered around aimlessly on the Lockwood property. Little to no work was being completed. He was in a constant time warp. Large segments of time often vanished without him realizing it. 
“Okay, Barney, you need to get something done. I need to spend an hour clearing the ceiling tiles that fell on the second floor, east. Let’s see, it's 2:30 pm. Wait, that can’t be right. I just came out here. It shouldn’t even be noon yet. My watch must be wrong. I’ll check my phone.”
Barney pulled his cell phone from his pocket. He shook his head as he saw the time matched his watch. 
“What have I been doing for nearly three hours? I was just standing on the second floor. How did I get in the tunnels? I’m losing it! I need sleep and a decent meal, or did I just wake up? I ate eggs at some point. Was that this morning, yesterday, or the day before? I don’t remember cooking them. Do I just think I have eaten?”
Tears of frustration began to stream down Barney’s cheeks. He had never felt this much out of control. Was it possible he had already lost his mind? Was he even at the Lockwood? He could be strapped to a bed somewhere, imagining all of this. 
“How does a person know if they are sane? Reality is not actually something one can prove. Anything I do right now to prove it could actually be part of the delusion. The veil between real and imagined is very thin. I don’t know if I am me, or if I only think I am me. I could be a made-up person in a made-up world, acting out the fantasy of someone else with no grip on reality. Perception is everything. Without believing in the existence of something, does that thing exist? If no one is looking for me or cares about me, do I exist?”
Barney's mind was a muddle of questions. He was uncertain of the time, unsure of his space, and lost in a confused perception of what was and wasn’t real. He literally sat down in the driveway of the Lockwood, feeling beaten and out of control. He was shaking, as tears ran freely. His vision was blurred, and the sunlight seemed to be bent as if shining through a prism. He felt broken.
“What the heck is going on? Barney?”
Sally Thomas was driving up the Lockwood driveway and just saw her friend Barney sitting in the middle of the road. He was rocking back and forth, rubbing his head as if it hurt. She parked and jumped out of her car. She ran to his side and knelt.
“Barney, Barney, what’s wrong?”
Doyle jumped back, his eyes wide and wild. He acted as though he did not recognize his long-time friend. 
“Look at me, Barney. It’s me, Sally. Come on, settle down and talk to me.”
“No, you’re not real. I won’t fall for your tricks anymore. Don’t pretend to be Sally.”
“Barney, what are you talking about? It is me, Sally. Here, feel me, I am real, it is me, Sally.”
She grabbed him and hugged him tightly. As she held on, Barney went from being tense and pulling away to calming down and realizing who was there.
“Sally, is that really you?”
“Yes, it's me. Now, tell me what is going on. You look terrible. Who was trying to trick you?”
“I … ahh … I don’t know. I found a shadow in the building. I went to chase whoever it was out of the place and … “
Barney’s voice just trailed off as he seemed to retreat into his bewildered mind.
“Come on, let’s get you inside.”
Sally helped him to his feet and guided him to the apartment. She got him situated on his couch and then looked around the place. It was a mess. There were papers strewn around the room. His work clothes were scattered on the floor. There were dishes in the sink that appeared to have been from several days earlier. The furniture was disheveled with blankets and pillows thrown about. On the table were scribbled drawings filled with the same image repeated several times. The sketch was of a man completely obscured in shadows. The drawings were increasingly distorted. It could have been due to the exhaustion diminishing his skills or impacting his perception, distorting his vision of the image itself.
Barney sat staring and mumbling.
“The shadow, I don’t think it is human. It’s not human.”
“Okay, Barney, you have me worried here. I need you to snap out of whatever this is. I need you to try to clear your mind and think. When was the last time you slept?”
“I … I don’t know.”
“When did you eat last?”
“I … don’t know that either. I am lost right now. I … I am so alone, and I don’t know what’s happening.”
Barney’s eyes welled up as he realized how confused he was. 
Sally recalled their last conversation. Barney had mentioned that he had heard voices and seen shadows when he was overtired. Perhaps this was just the result of Barney suffering from exhaustion.
“Barney, I’m going to make you some soup, and you are going to eat and go to bed.”
“I don’t think I can eat right now. I need to clear my head.”
“Barney, you don’t have a choice. You won’t be clearing your head when you are undernourished and overtired. We have to fix the physical problems first. When that is done, we will work on the confusion issues. So, I’m sorry, but you don’t have a choice. While I make the soup, you go to the bathroom and clean yourself up. Don’t think, just do.”
“But, I … ”
“No buts, go do as I say, right now.”
“Well … I … ahh … ”
Sally took him by the arm and led him to the bathroom. She handed him a washcloth and soap.
“Now, wash your face and hands.”
As if by instinct, Barney began to do as he was told. He got cleaned up and changed his shirt. When he looked in the mirror, he saw himself again. He had felt lost, like he wasn’t himself. He had begun to believe he wasn’t himself, that he had somehow morphed into someone or something new. At times, he wasn’t sure he really existed at all. He was not so certain of that now. He walked into the kitchen by the table where Sally had a bowl of tomato soup and some crackers waiting. He sat down and picked up the spoon.
“I don’t remember the last time I ate tomato soup.”
“I’m not sure you have eaten it today either. I’m not much of a cook.”
“It tastes good to me.”
“That would be a compliment if you weren’t starving. Just finish it and eat some crackers. You are looking too skinny, Mr.”
“Thank you for doing this. I … ahh … I don’t know what happened. I’m still confused, … I …”
“We aren’t going to talk about that yet. I fixed up your bed. You are going to sleep for a while.”
“I can’t sleep, I’m afraid that shadow will get in here. I can’t let it get in … I …”
“Shush! I’ll stay here and make sure nothing bothers you while you sleep.”
“You … you are going to stay?”
“Yes, now get in there, and I want you asleep by the time your head hits the pillow.”
There was something about knowing he wouldn’t be alone that made it easier to relax a little. By the time Barney was on the bed, he was ready to close his eyes. The nightmare was ending, and he could sleep.


*****


        “What are these for?”
        “We need to wear them for the ritual. I explained all that.”
        “I feel silly wearing a cloak. What are these symbols on the back and sleeves?”
        “Those are the inverted pentagrams with Balsadore’s image. I told you, we need to be wearing them when he appears. The symbols are what identify you as his minion on earth.”
        “So why is yours different?”
        “Of course it’s different. I am his hand in this world. I will be his high priest. I ordered each of the robes to identify our roles. It will be my job to direct his wrath upon our enemies.”
        “How exactly are we picking our enemies?”
        “We all agreed who they are already. I should think that would be clear. We can not have anyone stand in our way. The world will be ours. No more school, no parents trying to wield their authority. We shall be free to do as we please, take what we want.”
“Are you saying you want to unleash a demon’s wrath on our teachers and parents? What exactly does that mean? Will they be harmed or just frightened? If you are planning on hurting them, I don’t know if we are ready for all that.”
“Crystal, I want you by my side as you have always been. I can’t have you questioning our every act. You understand that, don’t you?”
“I am just concerned we may be going too far. You’ve been up here reading spells and incantations from that book for almost a week. You are hardly eating and never sleeping. I don’t think your head is clear at all. You need to think about what all this could lead to and just take a step back for a minute.” 
Dorian was getting angry with his friend.
“If you want out, just say so! I can’t be bothered with nurse-maiding you through our ascension. Just go, get out of here. I don’t need you!”
“Dorian, this isn’t you talking. You don’t even look like yourself. Just take a break from that book for one day. That’s all I ask, just one day.”
Dorian stepped forward and slapped her across the face.
“You are no longer welcome here. You are an unbeliever. Your spirit is defiling the sanctity of my union with Balsadore. Get out, and never return!”
Crystal looked at Dorian; his face was contorted and red. It didn’t look like her friend. He was getting totally out of control. She couldn’t believe the anger he was exhibiting. That wasn’t Dorian. He had always been so kind and warm with her. For him to turn on her so easily was scary. Tears filled her eyes as she turned and ran from Dorian’s room. She pulled the robe off as she ran down the stairs and out of the house
She was still crying as she got in her car. She felt Dorian was in over his head. If he would just listen to her. She started to drive out of the property. The lane that led to the road was quite long and had some twists and turns. 
Dorian stood at his window watching her drive away. He was reading a chant from the book. He repeated the words over and over as he stared at Crystal’s car. On the third rendition of the chant, he raised both arms and invoked the name of his demonic muse. 
Whether his plea to a dark lord or the fact that Crystal’s eyesight was impaired by the copious tears flowing, she lost control of the car. It swerved into the right ditch along the lane. When she over-adjusted, she drove straight off the road on the left side. With her next attempt to veer back onto the lane, she flipped the car. It rolled four times and settled on the side of a tree. It sat still for a moment as the fuel poured from the gas tank onto the tree and the car. With Crystal groggy and dazed, still buckled in the seatbelt, the car caught fire. She desperately fought to release herself, screaming for help. Dorian could hear the screams from his sentinel-like position, but he chose to remain still and watch as his friend was consumed in the flames.  
Once he was satisfied that his wrath had been carried out, he turned back to his preparation for the ritual he intended to enact within the week on the roof of the Lockwood. Since both of his parents were out of the area on business for the next three days, he didn't need to worry about Crystal’s body or her car. 
He needed to talk with the others and make sure he had no further dissent in their ranks. He thought it best they not see the wreckage, so he decided they should meet at an old warehouse his father owned. It was only used to house a couple of old cars, and the snowplow was used to clear the parking lot of the plastic firm and his mother's real estate office. There would be plenty of room there to rehearse the ritual. He wanted to be sure they got it just right. 
Dorian gathered his materials and the book, loaded them all into his car, and drove to the warehouse. It took less than half an hour to drive to the meeting spot. He wanted to be there early to set all of the material up before they arrived. He was a little concerned about Crystal’s brother, Ben. He was going to ask questions. He had an idea for keeping Crystal’s brother out of the way for a while.
Dorian placed five chairs around a chalk drawing of the inverted pentagram. In the center of the drawing, he placed the sigil of Balsadore, the towering, pale-skinned, bulging-eyed demon who sucks the life force from his victims and bestows power on his hand on earth. The high priest of Balsadore acts as the demon’s hand among the living. The demon’s powers are unleashed upon someone simply by receiving the touch of the high priest. With every touch, invoking the power of the demon, the priest’s being is replaced with Balsadore’s life force until the priest ceases to exist and becomes Balsadore himself. In this manner, one may not control the power of the demon without sacrificing oneself to become the demon.
Dorian knew he would cease to exist as a separate entity from Balsadore. He was willing to accept that fate in exchange for the power he would wield as the demon. It would mean eternal life and dominance over all who had wronged him in life. That was worth the price he would pay. 
The others viewed this all as something to do for kicks. They didn’t truly believe they would see an actual demon rise from the sacrifice they planned to offer. Truth be told, they all thought that part was going to be too gross. Killing a small mammal did not sound fun. They didn’t particularly care about the animal. They just thought it was going to be messy and possibly dangerous. Dorian was insistent that it had to be done. 
Dan and Bobbie were the first to arrive at the warehouse. Dorian greeted them.
“Are you ready for the greatest thrill of your lives? This is going to really be something. When the new moon occurs, we will be on the roof of the Lockwood, creating history.”
“I’m amped about it.”
“It should be lit.”
“Nobody says lit anymore.”
“Give me a break, Dan. I like the term. Okay, so it will be a BANGER.”
Bobbie said the last word in an exaggerated duh kind of voice.
“Guys, it will be amazing, alright? Soon, we won’t need any kind of slang. We will be the rulers of it all. What we say goes, right?”
Bobbie looked at Dan and rolled her eyes. Dorian was really into this whole scene. He seemed to really think he was going to summon a demon. She thought he sounded different, more wild and out of control. He was a little scary. She felt he needed to be more grounded. That was what Crystal always handled.
“Where’s Crystal? I thought she’d be here already.”
“She ran into a little trouble. She won’t be able to join us tonight, but she knows her part. Here, you two can put these on.”
Dorian handed them their robes.
“Wow, these look real. Oh my gosh, this is cool. Where did you find these?”
“I had them custom-made.”
“They are sweet!”
“Hi guys, sorry I’m late.”
Dorian walked over to meet Ben as he entered. He pulled him aside from the others.
“Hi Ben, listen, I have a very special job for you tonight. I need you to do some reconnaissance out at the Lockwood. I need to know the best way to get on the roof when we go out there. If we all go out to that place tonight, we would cause too much commotion. But if you go alone, you can figure it out and lead us on our glory day.”
“Oh, okay. Go out alone, huh. Yeah, sure, I can do that, I guess.”
“Here I got this just for you so you won’t get caught. It is an amulet with a spell of invisibility.”
“Are you kidding me? I won’t be invisible.”
“Of course you won’t, but it makes people confused, so they can’t see you. That way it works as if you are invisible.”
“I just wear it?”
“Yes, that’s all you do.”
“Okay, I’m not sure I fully buy it, but I guess it can’t hurt. Where’s Crystal? I just want to check with her before I go.”
“Oh, she is doing another task. She won’t be here til much later. I’ll let her know where you are. We talked about it this afternoon, so she knows about it anyway.”
“Alright then. I guess that’s okay then. I will be going out there … alone … now.”
“Yep, good luck, I know you will have no problems.”
Ben walked out. It was pretty obvious he did not like the idea of going there alone, but he knew better than to argue with Dorian. The guy had always been difficult to disagree with, but lately, he was close to impossible. 
________________


Chapter 4


        It had been close to seven hours since Sally had sent Barney to bed. The sun was setting, and she needed to take her cruiser back to the office. They weren’t that pleased with her when she called in to say she would not be patrolling or going over to talk with Dorothy. She said she had to take the day as a personal leave to handle something. She had occupied herself with cleaning up the apartment for Barney. In his state, of what could only be described as a breakdown, he had allowed the place to get out of hand. Sally had cleaned the dishes and wiped down all the surfaces. She picked up the trash and threw all of the clothes in the laundry. 
        Domestic work was not Sally’s strong suit, but she had done a better-than-presentable job. She even managed to cook a meatloaf, or at least what she hoped qualified as a meatloaf. It was the smell of the dinner that had finally brought Barney around from his exhaustion-induced slumber.
        “What’s going on? Who is there?”
        Sally heard him yelling from the front room.
        “What is all the racket back here?”
        “Sally? You really are here? I thought I had imagined that. I’m afraid I have been imagining a lot of things lately. I got myself pretty messed up, I guess.”
        “I can’t argue with you there. I was very worried about you earlier. What set you off so bad?”
        “I was doing a walk-through at night. I … ahh … I'm not sure how long ago. Anyway, I did the walk-through, and I started hearing that voice calling my name. That always sets me on edge.”
        “So, you’ve heard it before?”
        “I thought I told you that.”
        “You said you’ve heard sounds and a lady's scream. You didn’t tell me you had heard someone or something say your name.”
        “Oh, well, I have, but just a couple of times.”
        “And you stayed after that happened?”
        “I just thought it was all in my head. I don’t believe in ghosts.”
        “I think we should get that idea straight. The guy that I saw when I got here earlier, in my opinion, believed in ghosts. In fact, he believed they were tormenting him to the point of distraction. I think you would have been in some serious mental trouble if I hadn’t shown up when I did.”
        “I suppose it’s time for me to come clean to myself and say there is a real possibility that something is here.”
        “I think it may be time for you not to be here.”
        “That is silly. I just let my imagination get the better of me. I can handle it now. I just have to manage it better.”
“I’m serious here, I'm going to take a chance.”
Sally took a deep breath; she was not sure how Barney was going to handle what she was about to say. She just knew that if she was going to live with herself after that day, she had to be upfront and throw her cards on the table.
“I care about you.”
“I care about you, too. What does that have to do with me staying on working here?”
“I don’t think you get the picture. I CARE about you. I have for most of my life. I can’t stand by and see the man that I … ahh … CARE about allow this place to destroy him. There are other things you could do. Things that don’t put you in the middle of ghost central here.”
Barney looked into the eyes of the woman across from him. They were glossy and sharp. Her emotions were right there on her sleeve, waiting to be returned or blundered away. He wasn’t sure how to respond. She was his friend, and more. He could easily see himself spending the rest of his days with her. 
“I CARE for you and have for a long time. I guess I was never sure you thought of me in that way. I understand your concern for me. To be honest, I have worried about you in your job for as long as I can remember. You do know it is not a safe career. I know there isn’t much gang violence or hardened killer action out here, but that doesn’t take away the risks. I will consider trying something else, but I can’t leave Patty in a lurch. She is counting on me. I wouldn’t be someone you could … CARE about if I was not willing to hold up a commitment, would I?”
Sally looked at him. He had actually reciprocated her affections, in his own clumsy way. As she thought about it, he wasn’t any clumsier than she had been. Now he was appealing to her logic, and she hated that. She did not want to be logical; she just wanted him to understand her concerns and act on them.
“Okay, so how are you going to stay here and stay safe? I don’t want to see you in the condition I found you in today ever again.”
“I think I can avoid that. I allowed the place to get to me because I did not want to believe in ghosts. The fact that I couldn’t explain the shadow, combined with the voice saying my name, threw me off track. I’m just not going to let that happen again.”
“I hear you talking, but I’m not convinced.”
“I can’t just walk away. I owe Patty more than that. I will tell her I will be going, but I have to give her time.”
“I need to get my vehicle back to the office. I’ve made a meatloaf. Before you take a step out of this apartment, you eat again. I would recommend that you not deal with that building out there at all until tomorrow in the light of day.”
“I don’t think that will be a problem. I am still not very rested, and that meatloaf smells good.”
 “Just remember that smell when you are eating it. When it comes to working around a house, I’m a great law enforcement officer.”
Sally smiled as she spoke. She really would have liked to stay for the evening to see if the two of them could get over the clumsy stage. That was not to be, so she gave Barney a big hug.
“I’ll call you later, okay?”
“I will look forward to it.”
Sally left and walked to her car. As she was about to pull the door shut, she heard something. It seemed like it was coming from the central building of the complex. It sounded like a woman’s scream. She got back out of her vehicle and walked toward that portion of the building. She had her hand on her sidearm as she moved closer. She looked back at the apartment at the end and thought about getting Barney. He was just getting his head clear. If she brought this to him, she could be igniting his anxiety all over again. She decided it was best to check it out herself.
She entered what had been the main doorway of the original building. The doors were only partially in place. The entry opened to a large, two-story grand foyer. A large staircase was straight ahead that led to the second floor and then split to ascend to the third floor. Sally stood at the bottom of the staircase.
“Hello, is there someone up there? This is the sheriff’s deputy. Come out where I can see you.”
There was no response. Sally thought for a moment about what Barney had said. The woman’s scream he heard had to be the wind blowing through pipes or something like that. It could be he was right, except there wasn’t any wind outside. The air actually felt exceptionally dead.
“I’m coming up, don’t make any sudden moves. If you are up there, you would be well advised to come out now.”
She began her rise up the steps. Each one emitted a loud creak as her foot put pressure on it. It seemed like there were sounds all around her. She could attribute the scratching to mice or rats, the flutters to birds or bats, but the sounds of a person walking in the hall above her were difficult to explain away. Her flashlight was powerful and illuminated the entire foyer, creating shadows all around her. She flinched every time it seemed the shadows moved. She assumed it was just her overactive imagination. She spoke under her breath.
“No wonder Barney was in the state he was. This place could give anyone the heebie-jeebies.”
She stood at the top of the stairs and realized that it was where “Grand Central” was located. She walked straight ahead, and a hall extended to the left, one to the right, and a third continued in front of her. She realized this was the spot that Barney saw the shadow after he had raced down to the end of one of these halls. That meant that the shadow figure could have escaped down the stairs. It could have been human. How did it get from the end of the hall to this area without passing Barney? That was the trick. 
The scream had not occurred again since she entered the building. Since it was a phenomenon that Barney had also been hearing, she decided there was no reason to do further investigation. She had already spent nearly twenty minutes looking around and needed to get back to the office. When she talked to Barney on the phone later, she would have to tell him of her experience. She turned to descend the stairs, and something pushed her. She grabbed for her gun and spun around to confront whatever it was. Nothing was there. 
“Did that just happen? Are you here? I can still feel the touch on my shoulder. Show yourself.”
There was no response. Sally moved to the left of the stairs to use the railing. She did not want to get pushed down the steps. She was done. She had no interest in being in the building at all. No one was going to believe her story. She wouldn’t believe her own story. It did happen, though. She swiftly moved through the foyer to the front door and down the outer steps, and walked straight to her vehicle. She sat behind the wheel and tried to make sense of what had just happened. 
Taken as its individual pieces, she could not actually prove anything happened. All she could prove was that she walked into a dark, creepy building and thought she heard things. She had interpreted those sounds as words. Someone else may have only heard noises or entirely different words. She thought she had been pushed, but it could simply be that her mind was so thrown by the circumstances that she imagined it. There was no evidence to tell anyone; all they would do is make fun of her for getting herself spooked in a vacant building.
“Well, Sally girl, you have nothing to tell anyone. I guess I keep this all to myself. No wonder Barney talks to himself out here. This place could drive anyone to it.”
 She paused as she realized she was doing it. She shook her head and started the vehicle. She needed to get herself and Barney as far away from the insanity of this place as soon as possible.           


*****


Patty Robertson was at her office late. She was busy booking reservations for the several venues she managed for the CSPG. During the colder months in the north, her main booking came for the Brantley Hotel in South Carolina, the Bishop Garden Scythe Murder House in Arkansas, or the City of Angels Hospital in Louisiana. These venues were booked solid through the end of February. She was about to wrap it up for the night when the call came through. 
“Hello, this is Patty with Central States Paranormal Group.”
“Hi Patty, this is Don Musgrave.”
“Oh, Hello Don. It is great to finally get to talk with you. I love your show.”
Don was a well-known Internet ghost hunter. 
“Oh, well, thank you, Patty. Glad you watched. I hope you are subscribed to the channel. Remember to hit the like on each episode. I’m calling because my group, the Paranormal Posse, would like to record a forty-eight-hour segment for our internet channel at your Lockwood property in Wisconsin. It would be the three main hunters: myself, Spooky Boy Boo, and Mary the Medium. There will be two camera people as well. We’d arrive in a large camper and would require an electrical hookup. I don’t know how busy you are there this time of year, but we would want the place to ourselves for the whole time. Do you think that will work?”
“That should work out just fine. I will need to know when you are planning to do this. I do want to warn you, we are planning to enclose the building and add cameras over the next summer. Right now, it is definitely open to the elements in several places.”
“The timing was my reason for personally calling. Otherwise, I have people who set these things up. I need to get in there in three days. We are doing a five-stop tour across the country to generate enough content for our March through June segments. Our turnaround in post-production is going to be tight. We had a cancellation in Minnesota, and that left us with a big vacancy for our tour. When I researched spots, the Lockwood seemed like a very underinvestigated location.”
“Wow, that is a quick prep time for us, but I’m sure my guy at the location can get it ready for you. Just come dressed for a Wisconsin winter. We have snow in the forecast there over the next few days.”
“That actually should be a great video. The bleak landscape behind the building will look even more haunting on video. What are we talking about for cost?”
“Our normal rate would be one hundred per hour. Since we are talking about what is normally a slow period for us, what do you think about thirty-five-hundred for the time period?”
“That sounds great.”
“I’m assuming you are handling your food and whatever needs you will have. We don’t have bathroom facilities in the building yet. We do have a porta-potty, but you can imagine what that is like in the winter.”
“We will handle all of our needs, and we have a toilet in the camper. We just need the power line.”
“Okay, so we are talking the 14th through the 18th of February. My guy on premises is Barney Doyle. He will be staying there, but he has an apartment that is attached but not open to the sanatorium. You will be checking in with him. If you need anything, he will be available to help you.”
“Perfect, thanks for accommodating us. I guess there is one other thing. We like to interview people who know about the place we are investigating. Do you think your guy there … I wrote down his name … ahhh …”
“Barney Doyle.”
“Yes, Mr. Doyle. Do you think he would be able to tell us a little about the place on camera?”
“Oh, Barney has had some interesting experiences. He would be great.”
“Great, so I believe we are all set. Thank you, I look forward to seeing the Lockwood. I’ve read so much about it.”
“Okay then, thank you for thinking of us. Goodbye.”
“Goodbye.”
Patty was elated when she hung up the phone. Not only would she be getting income on the Lockwood during a time period that was difficult to book, but she was also going to be getting a ton of exposure for the Lockwood and for the Central States Paranormal Group’s other properties if Barney did a good job of mentioning them.
She needed to tell Barney as soon as possible, so she picked up the phone to call him, and it rang in her hand, startling her. Once she was over the shock, she answered the call.
“Hello?”
“Hi Patty, this is Barney.”
“Barney? I literally was about to call you. I have some great news for you.”
“Oh, well, I have some not-so-good news for you.”
“What? You have bad news? What’s wrong?”
“I’m afraid the Lockwood has gotten to me. I have had a couple of experiences that I could not handle well. I’m afraid I have to give you my notice.”
“Barney, I can’t believe this is happening. I need your expertise. Especially now. We have the Paranormal Posse coming.”
“The who?”
“The Paranormal Posse. They are one of the most popular online shows. They produce content about paranormal investigating. They have nearly a million followers. This is huge. They are coming to the Lockwood on the 14th through the 18th. This could be the start of building the Lockwood into one of the most popular paranormal investigation destinations. I need you until I can find someone who could be trained. Please tell me you can hang in there until after the Posse has been there. What happened that you are so set to leave?”
“I’m afraid I kind of went a little crazy. I was losing time, and I couldn’t sleep. There is something in that building that isn’t human. It shows itself as a shadow and leads me all over the building. I can’t catch it. It appears at one end, and when I get there, it shows up at the other end. It is taunting me by name. There is a woman who screams every night. I’ve never seen her. Something has touched me, too.”
“The last time we spoke, you didn’t believe in ghosts.”
“After my experiences this week, I am a believer. I just don’t know if I can handle much more, that’s all. But I will be here to get the Posse people in, and it should be fine while they’re here. I’ll let them play with whatever is in that building. I’ll just keep the property clear of anyone trying to sneak in.”
“Okay, I’ll work on getting your replacement. I’m sorry it has come to this. I have really been happy with how hard you’ve worked out there.”
“I’m sorry to have to leave. I enjoy the work and don’t mind the alone time, but I am not up for dealing with the haunting.”
“I understand, thanks for staying to help with the group that is coming. They are going to interview you. It would be good to share the experiences you just talked about. Believe it or not, that will actually be great for business.”
“I believe it, I’ve seen the people that come here. They want to be scared and see something they can’t explain. I don’t wish what I experienced on anyone, but if they want it, this place definitely has it.”
“Okay, thanks again for being there to count on. You’ll make sure the halls are cleared for them to do their investigation. They will also need a room that they can lock for all their equipment. Do we have a location that will work for that?”
“Yes, I can put a lock on the second-floor admin office. Then their stuff is not accessible through a window.”
“That will work. They are handling all of their food and other needs. They need an electrical connection in front of the central entry.”
“I have both a 110 and a 220 rigged for that spot. I think they should be set on electrical.”
“You are good. I can’t think of anything else. If something comes up, I’ll call. I’ll also text you their contact phone number just in case. Give me a call once they are there and getting set up. I’ll call Don Musgrave just to check in with him. Other than that, I believe we are set. Thanks, Barney.”
“No problem, I’ll be talking with you. Goodbye.”
“Be safe, goodbye.”
Patty got off the phone a bit less excited for the Paranormal Posse’s visit. She had never heard anxiety in Barney’s voice like that before. She hoped he could hold it together until this tour was over. If need be, she would just shut the Lockwood down after the group’s visit. It was possible that she could use the shutdown to her advantage. She could tell people, “The place was so haunted she was struggling to find someone willing to be out there”. That was a great marketing ploy. She was going to work on using it just right.
Barney got off the phone with a feeling of dread. He had realized that Sally was right. He needed to leave the Lockwood. He had offered his word salad of how he could handle it to Sally. He knew she wasn’t buying what he was saying, and the fact was, neither was he. He was going to steer clear of going inside the building at night. He would walk around the outside of the place to make sure he didn’t see anyone inside or sneaking around outside, but any work he did inside was going to be in broad daylight.


*****


        Sally was just a few minutes from the Sheriff’s office when she received a call from dispatch.
        “Dispatch to Thomas.”
        “Thomas, here.”
        “Sally, are you nearly back to the office?”
        “Yes, about fifteen minutes out.”
        “We just received a call from Doc Blanchard. Someone broke into his van. He needs a deputy to stop by. He is over near Lufkin. Can you take the call? Greg is off on the other side of the County.”
        “Will do. Did he say if anything was stolen or vandalized?”
        “He says he is missing some injectable meds. I didn’t get the full name of it. I figured that would be best handled on site, so we got it accurate.”
        “I should be there in twenty. Out.”
        “Thanks, clear.”
        Sally was hoping to get checked out and maybe head back to Barney’s place. She was not buying his story about being able to handle it now that he was accepting the idea of ghosts. She couldn’t wrap her head around the idea of such things, and she had played tag with something in that building that did not seem human. That building had a vibe that seemed to have her off-center from the moment she entered it. It was like there was a force that was in control, and you were in its grasp just by being there. That made no real sense in the world she was used to.
Her world didn’t have paranormal issues. It had living people who were in trouble. Some were in trouble with the law, and others who needed the law’s help. Those were tangible things. Yes, dealing with people was not always a logical process. No one who commits a crime is acting rationally. It is not rational to assume you will not be held accountable for your actions if they are not within the acceptable range of behavior. Some may get away with it for a while, but eventually most are brought to justice in some way.
Sally was nearly to Lufkin. It wasn’t much. It consisted of just a few houses, somewhat close together on the western portion of Eau Claire County. As she drove up, she could see Doc Blanchard’s van parked along the road. He was sitting inside. Sally got out as the veterinarian exited the front and walked to the rear of the van.
“Chilly out here this evening, isn’t it?”
“Always is this time of year, Doc. What happened? I heard the van was broken into.”
“I was over near the kennels on 37, close to the Lockwood. I had parked along the road to do some work in the whelping barn. When I came out, the door was open. Somebody had popped the lock off.”
“Was anything missing?”
“I could tell someone had looked at all of the injectables in the cage on this side. It looks like whoever was in here was searching for something specific.”
Sally looked at the lock on the back door. There were scratches around it, but she thought there should be more signs if a lock was broken off.
 “Did they find what they were looking for?”
“I’m not sure, but they took a vial of Azaperone.”
“They took one vial, that’s it?”
“Yes, I thought that was pretty odd. If they were specifically after one thing, that is not what I would have expected.”
“What does Azerpain do?
“The name is Azaperone. It is a widely used and effective sedative in pigs. I often use it as a premedicant or in combination with other drugs for minor procedures.”
“How do you spell it?”
“A… Z… A… P… E… R… O… N…. E. It would act as a sedative, but in large doses, it could be dangerous and cause difficulty in breathing.”
“Would a person steal that to get high?”
“No, they would either pass out or struggle breathing.”
        “So, what would someone do with that?”
        “That is my dilemma. I have no idea why they took that particular drug. If they knew what they were doing, and it seemed they did, then there were much better drugs available to steal.”
        “I need to see if there are any fingerprints on the drug cage other than yours, of course.”
        The inside of the van was organized, but there were some odd tools stored for a veterinarian. Why would he have so much rope? The van smelled pretty funky as well. It was a combination of sweat,  blood, and barnyard. The hooded sweatshirt on the back of the passenger seat was stained and stinky. She could tell it had been used for a long time without seeing a washing machine. She chalked it up to Doc being a bachelor; he may not be very good at keeping up on his cleaning. He always seemed a little eccentric anyway. He had such a weird habit of staring at your eyes when he talked to you. 
It took Sally about twenty minutes to check the cage and the door for prints. She found what she thought might be more than one set, so that was a good sign. She wouldn’t know until the lab took a look at her work. If it led to an identification, she would be surprised. The fingerprint kits the Sheriff’s department used rarely pointed at anyone specific. 
“Okay, I think I have what I need. I’ll get you a copy of the report. I assume you have to talk to your insurance carrier and make a claim. I’ll write up the report and get a copy emailed to you for turning in to your insurance. How much of the stuff is in that vial, like how many doses could someone potentially get from one vial?”
“It would be effective for as many as four doses.”
“Alright, we will keep our eyes open for what could be signs that someone used the drug.”
“Sorry you had to come over here this time of day. I would have called earlier, but Doug Olsen here in Lufkin had an emergency with one of his Holsteins. Those animals are too valuable to these guys who run the dairy farms to wait to postpone treatment.”
“I understand. I’ll let you know if anything comes of the investigation or the prints. Watch your email for the call report. Oh, and get the lock fixed on the van door. You're carrying too much stuff in there to leave it unlocked for long.”
“I’ll lock it in my warehouse for tonight and get it repaired tomorrow.”
“Sounds good, thanks, Doc, I’ll be seeing you.”
“Yeah, thanks, Sally. See you.”
Sally got back in the vehicle and turned around to head back to the office. This had been a long day. She figured she would go home rather than back out to the Lockwood. It seemed a little pushy to show up as late as she was going to that night. She knew she was perhaps overanxious to have the relationship formalized. This was the man she had always thought would be in her life. There had been a time when it was impossible. Fate had changed that, and now it appeared he felt they had a future. That made her happy, yet neither of them was very good at the next steps. Besides the issues of being shy and awkward at the whole relationship thing, Barney had the Lockwood problems.
She had to talk him out of staying out in that building. It was not a healthy situation for him. However, she did not want to start their relationship off by demanding that he do as she said. He was a grown man and needed to act as he saw fit. She had no idea how to proceed. It was going to take some thought to find the right words.


*****


Ben felt a shiver run through him as he stepped out of his car. He was parked in a field driveway along County Trunk Z. He would have to cross the farmer's field and enter the woods on the farm property. He would then follow the creek through the hollow. There were a couple of cabins he would need to avoid as he worked his way around to come up to the Lockwood from the backside. 
He had been out to the sanatorium several times, and he knew that the wing that faced the woods would be the least visible from the caretaker’s apartment. He had brought two flashlights. One to use until he got close, and then a smaller one so as not to cast too much light as he looked for a way to reach the roof. He wanted to find an external way to do it. Inside that building at night was too creepy. It was bad enough that he was out there alone; he had no intention of being inside that place without anyone else around. He started to mumble to himself as he walked the perimeter of the building.
“What am I doing here? This place is a nightmare. Why do I let Dorian tell me what to do? If it wasn’t for his relationship with Crystal, I would tell him where he can shove his orders.”
He was looking up at the side of the building, wondering what he was going to do. As he stood there, the hair on the back of his neck stood on end when he heard movement in the woods behind him.
“Who’s there? Leave me alone. I’m just standing here.”
There was no response. Ben stared at the shadows in the underbrush of the forest that started just a few feet from the walls of the building. Ben turned his flashlight onto the woods, but it seemed as though the light was swallowed up by the dark. He searched the woods trying to find where the noise came from. He stared for a long time, trying to decide if he was just going to leave.
“It must have just been a bird or something like that. I hate this. Come on, Ben, just get this done and get out of here.”
He got his focus back on getting on the roof. About halfway down the wing of the building, there was what used to be a fire escape. He walked slowly along the wall, climbing over and around the vegetation that was encroaching on the building. He kept checking the woods as he walked, the feeling of being hunted soaked into his psyche. He had not really talked himself into the noise of being a bird. His nerves were on edge. Just about anything would send him running out of there. Before that could happen, he found himself standing under the old fire escape. The ladder that reached the ground had fallen off the wall, but it was still lying on the ground. The twisted metal appeared to be buried in the dirt and brush. He reached for it, pulling at one end. It lifted a little bit, so he walked to the other end and worked on pulling it up. It took several minutes; finally, with great effort, he managed to pull it away from the tangle of grass and weeds. 
Getting the ladder out of the grass was just the first step; he needed to get it lifted onto the building. He dragged it toward the edge of the wall and started to lift it up. Ben was not a large person, and the weight of the ladder was close to his own. Even in the cold night air, he was beginning to perspire from the work. At one point,  he had it lifted nearly above his head, but it was too much for him. He looked at the iron heap with determination. Maybe if he had it at a right angle to the building and sort of walked it up the wall, he could do it.
He went to the end that would be the bottom and dragged it out perpendicular to the wall. He then lifted the end next to the wall up and toward the wall. That was a minor success. He actually had it leaning on the wall about two feet off the ground. He went back and lifted, then dragged and had it over waist high. The concentration on his task distracted him from the fear of whatever he had heard in the woods. He crouched under the ladder and used his back to move it to the next step up the wall. It was now over his head. He needed to go another five feet up the wall to be near enough to the remnant still mounted on the wall to climb from one to the other. He stepped back, catching his breath.
He moved back under the ladder to give it one more big push. He strained as the ladder inched its way up the wall.
“Why is this thing so heavy? Just a little more. If I could just move it a couple more feet.”
As he pushed up and pulled the ladder toward the wall, his head was down. As he exerted himself for one last big movement of the ladder, he realized there was another pair of feet close to his. He dropped the ladder hard against the wall and fell backwards.
“Who’s there? What do you want? Leave me alone, I will leave, just let me go.”
Ben slowly looked up the legs and torso until he saw the face of the person standing there.
“What, who, wait, what are you doing here? I thought I … wait, what are you doing? What is that needle? Ouch, what was in thaaaa … ?”


*****
Dorian was just arriving home from his evening activities. It was nearly 3:00 am, and he was tired, but as he drove up his driveway, the wreckage of Crystal's car greeted him. He could not leave it where anyone could see it. If any of his group were to just think they could stop by to see him, they would surely have questions. He drove on to the large equipment shed where the family stored their lawn equipment. With a property as large as theirs, they needed a tractor to mow the expansive yard. He grabbed a chain and hopped on the tractor. Pulling the car proved a little more difficult than he had anticipated. The tractor was having difficulty removing the burnt-out car from the tree. As the tractor tugged at the car, it dug into the ground until it started to inch its way off the tree.
Dorian was watching intently as he started to move the car. He stopped abruptly when he saw a van driving past the estate. He quickly shut off the lights on the tractor. He watched as the van drove by very slowly, as if the driver was trying to see what was going on. Dorian could make out the signage on the van when it came to the point where it was parallel to where he was sitting on the tractor. It was Doc Blanchard, the veterinarian. Dorian began to mumble to himself.
“Just move on, you old fart. Mind your own business. I don’t know why he needed to be driving around this time of night.” 
Dorian went back to pulling the car. He left the lights out so no one else could get curious. The sound of the wreckage moving was like the scream of a dying animal. Once he got it moving, he drove the tractor to a location out of sight behind the old cabin at the back of the property. The building had stood there for decades. When the house was built, his father had used the cabin as a storage shed for tools. Since then, it has been seldom used. 
As Dorian drove the tractor back to the shed, he wondered what he could do about the site of the wreck to cover up what remained. It was at that moment it registered in his mind that it had been snowing. He looked to the sky as the flakes increased, sticking to the grass and trees, creating a white blanket over everything. He smiled as he watched the evidence of the wreck disappear under the frosty coating. He parked the tractor and walked to the house. He was there alone and would be for the next few days. He entered and climbed the stairs to his bedroom. As he entered, he noticed Crystal’s phone was there on the floor. That was another stroke of luck. Between the snow and now the phone, he was certain that he was already under the protection of Balsadore.
Dorian knew Crystal’s screen lock code. He logged in and started texting people. He sent one to her mother, saying she was leaving town. She fought with Dorian and needed to get away. He sent a similar message to a few of her friends. He figured that would buy him time. When he brought Balsadore forth, the world would be more concerned about survival than where Crystal was. He smiled as his thoughts turned to the power he would have as the earthly hand of his demonic lord.


*****


        Bobbie Murrey and Dan Zinkie were driving away from the “practice” with Dorian.
“Dan, does Dorian seem even more out there than he usually does? I mean, I think he really believes he can summon a demon. The whole idea of sacrificing an animal creeps me out.”
“He’s talking about a squirrel or raccoon, I think. I don’t like the idea either. He does seem pretty strange. I thought it was weird that Crystal didn’t come. Those two are always together. He didn’t seem worried about it. Then there was the little whisper meeting he had with Ben when he got there. It looked like he gave Ben a job he didn’t want to do. Did you see the look he gave Dorian when he left?”
“Are we going to go through with doing the ritual with them in a couple of days?”
“I don’t know. To be honest, at first I thought the robes were cool. Later, when we did the little play-acting thing with the ritual, I felt like an idiot in it. I can’t imagine what I would say if we got caught on the roof at the Lockwood wearing them.”
“If we don’t do it, I think Dorian will be so angry he won’t ever forgive us.”
“That could be true, but we graduate in a few months. I am not sticking around here. I don’t think I care what Dorian thinks. I’ve gone along with him for years. I can’t say it has ever done me any good. For the most part, it has gotten me in more trouble than anything. Now that he is going so loony, it may be time just to break loose. What do you think?”
“I would like to see what Crystal has to say. She would know better than anyone if Dorian is off the wall. If she thinks he is a real nut job, I’m for dumping the whole thing. I’m pretty tired of the whole ‘hand of Balsadore’ thing.”
“Agreed!”
“Wait, I got a message from Crystal.”
“What’s it say?”
“It doesn’t sound like her. She doesn’t write like this, but it says she had a quarrel with Dorian and she is leaving town.”
“It says she is leaving town? Where would she go?”
“I don’t know. I don’t believe she would do that.”
“Who would be writing a message like that on her phone other than her?”
“I don’t know, but I’m telling you it doesn’t sound like her. I mean, quarrel? Since when does she use that word?”
“I don’t know how she writes, but someone would have to have her phone and know how to get into it to send a message like that.”
“I’m scared, something may have happened to her.”
“Oh, just chill. You are getting all upset over nothing. She probably fought with Dorian, and she is just being a drama queen about it.”
Bobbie just shook her head. She reread the message and remained quiet about it, but her gut feeling was that something was wrong.


*****


        Sally had just gotten back to her apartment. It had been a long day. She had planned to call Barney the previous evening, but she was called out for the robbery of the veterinarian’s van. By the time she had written up the call, there had been an accident out on Highway 37. That took three hours to sort out, and then she was pulled out to assist in a domestic dispute outside of Rock Falls. By that time, it was too late to call Barney. She went ahead and stopped with a couple of the other deputies for some food. She hadn’t eaten since she nibbled while making food for Barney the day before. Now, she was exhausted and would be needed on shift in just five hours. 
        She walked in and plopped on her couch. She was too tired to change for bed. She just needed to sit for a second to catch her fifth, second wind of the day, so she could complete her nightly routine before bed. 
Two hours later, she awoke with a stiff neck, having fallen asleep sitting up on her couch. She walked toward the bathroom, rubbing her neck. This was great, she was tired and stiff and had to be at work in three hours. 
“Sally, girl, this is no way to live. I wonder what Barney is doing? I should have just stayed with him. I’m not sure what would have happened if I did. I need to give him space to get his head on straight. That Lockwood has him messed up.”
She climbed into bed and set her phone to wake her in two hours. And then she proceeded to lie awake thinking of what a future with Barney looked like. Would she remain with the sheriff’s department? Would they stay in the area or move elsewhere? They were still in their forties. They had a lot of living yet to do. She knew Barney was not willing to just walk away from his job, but she felt he would eventually. The what's next question was keeping her eyes open.
After spinning the same questions around in her head for nearly an hour, she dozed off. That only lasted for the remaining hour she had until her phone rudely interrupted her dreams. 
“Damn, he was just about to ask me to marry him. I hope that isn’t just a dream. I’ve waited for so long for that to become a reality.”
She dragged herself out of bed and went to stand under the shower until she was really awake. Dressed and on her way to work, she thought about calling Barney to explain why she had missed calling the evening before. The phone rang several times with no answer. She hung up, wondering what was going on. It was 7:00 am. He should be awake by then. He had been overtired, but he would have rested all evening and then had a good night's sleep if he did what he said he was going to do. 
She couldn’t take another personal day to spend out there. She needed to get to the office and take care of the duties waiting for her there. She decided she would call again in an hour. If he still didn’t answer, she would assume there was something wrong and drive out to check. So, with her mind solidly distracted by her concerns for Barney, she started her day.


*****  
    
        Two hours earlier, Barney was standing in front of the Lockwood. It was 5:00 am, and the sun would not be rising for another two hours. He had work to do in preparation for the Paranormal Posse visit. Knowing that Patty was depending on him, he felt silly not entering the building to start his day's chores of getting the halls completely emptied for the celebrity investigators.
        He shook his head and spoke clearly to himself.
        “Get your butt to work. If the ghosts want to talk, let them! You are fine. If the shadow man shows up, ignore him. After all, the people coming will want to see him. That’s enough talking to myself. I need to just think my thoughts to myself.”
        Barney walked to the room to the left of the main entrance, where he kept his snow shovel and large broom. He would move the debris with either or both of these implements. Some things he would have to haul to the dumpster at the end of the west hall. He needed to start in the east hall and move the trash down to “Grand Central”. He rolled a large cart and a wheelbarrow down about midway and then went to the end. Since he needed both hands to work, he had a light band on his forehead. That allowed him to see in the shadowy darkness until the sun came up. 
        It was going to be a busy day. He needed to get the three halls cleaned on the first floor. He would complete the same job on the second floor the next day, since he had been working on that when he allowed himself to go a little haywire, he wouldn’t need the whole day. That was good because he had the third floor of the main building yet to do, as well as some touch-up work in the tunnels. If he stayed at it for the three days, he should be totally ready for the visitors on the 14th.
        He started with the shovel, moving the chunks of ceiling tile and the plaster from the walls into piles that he could scoop into the cart. He slowly worked his way down the hall until he had made it to the midway point, where the cart was sitting. He returned to the end with the broom and did a fine sweep of the small material the shovel missed. He swept it into three large piles. He moved the wheelbarrow to each pile and loaded it. 
        He was on the third and final dust pile when it happened. He heard every door on the west wing begin to close one at a time from the far end, moving toward him. He focused the light on his head down the hall and watched as an invisible force slammed each door in succession. He was frozen in his place. As the sight before him unfolded. When the final door of the hall slammed. The building went silent. Every fiber of his being told him he should run, but that was not to be. 
        “Listen, I know you think this place is yours, and maybe it is most of the time, but you don’t own it. Patty Robertson owns it, and she wants it cleaned up. That is all I am doing, cleaning up the place. I don’t want anything to do with you, and you can leave me alone. You don’t have to prove to me that you exist. I believe you do. So, just go about your business, and I will go about mine.”
        Barney went back to working. He swept for another ten minutes, finishing half of the first floor of the east wing. His cart and wheelbarrow were full, and the dumpster was at the end of the west hall. That was where all the doors closed. He was about to roll the cart down there when he heard his name.
        “Barney?”
        “Oh no, not again. I hate it when they call me by name. I’m just going to ignore that. Don’t talk to me.”
        “Barney, are you in here?”
        That seemed odd; it was like whatever it was, was looking for him. That wasn’t how it had ever been before. Usually, it was just a whisper; this was pretty loud.
        “Barney Doyle, I’m here looking for you.”
        He was not sure what to do. Should he answer? Was it actually a person in the building? Curiosity got the better of him.
        “Hello? Is there someone here?”
        “There you are. I’ve been looking for you.”
        Barney looked up, and standing there was a man in his early thirties. He was dressed oddly. He wore an old-fashioned pair of overalls with a denim coat over top. He wore a slouchy flat cap. The kind James Cagney wore in the movie Public Enemy. 
        “I’m here to help clean the place.”
        “What?”
        “I’m here to help, champ. Are you going to turn an extra hand down?’
        “I don’t understand. Where did you come from? Did Patty hire you?”
        “My, you are difficult to help. How else would I know your name?”
        “Oh, okay, that sounds good. I guess. What’s your name?”
        “My name is Jasper, Jasper McCawley.”
        Barney was confused by the way the guy looked and the fact that he just showed up. But the guy did know his name, and he was offering to help.  
         “I’m surprised Patty didn’t tell me you were coming. But we do have a lot of work to get done before the special guests arrive. If you’re going to help, we'd better get to it.”
        “That’s the spirit, bub. Between the two of us, cleaning this place will be eggs and coffee. What would ya like me to do?”
        “What about eggs?”
        “What do you mean?”
        “You said something about eggs.”
        “I said cleaning this place will be eggs and coffee, you know it will be smooth sail’n.”
        “I’ve never heard that saying before.”
        “That’s a gasser, Joe. You look like you’d be hep.”
        Barney thought the guy sounded as strange as he looked. There was no point wasting time trying to decode the guy's words. He was ready to work, and work needed to be done.
        “Okay, well, we need to clear the rest of this hall and then start on the center wing. If you would clear the hall and push the debris into piles, I’ll fill the cart and wheelbarrow and dump them. Does that work for you?”
“You shred it, wheat, we’re on the high-gear road.”
“Okay. I assume that means it works for you.”
Barney shook his head as the two of them set about cleaning. It wasn't until they were finishing the first floor that he realized they had been working for nearly fifteen hours. They had talked the whole day, and Barney was actually getting where he could understand Jasper a little. 
He realized they had worked in the shadows of the Lockwood all through the daylight hours, and it was dark out once again. So much for staying out of the building in the dark. It was time to call it a day. He went looking for Jasper to tell him it was quitting time and thank him for all his hard work. 
“Jasper, it is time to call it a day. We worked right through two meals. You must be hungry. I don’t have much, but I’d be happy to feed you before you go. Jasper? Where are you?”
There was no answer. Barney thought that was strange. Did he just leave without saying he was going? The guy shows up unannounced, works all day, talking the whole time, half of it gibberish, and then takes off. I am confused. As Barney looked around at the work they had done, he was surprised to see so much debris still in the first-floor halls. He swore they had them totally cleared. Rather than leaving the building for the night, he walked up the stairs to the second floor to make sure he was satisfied with the work they had done there. He was shocked when all that appeared to be done was the half of the east wing he had completed before Jasper started helping. 
“This doesn’t make sense. Jasper and I worked all day. How did we not get more done? I would have completed more by myself. Did Jasper haul the trash back in while I was hauling it out? Where did he go? I never heard a car pull in when he arrived, and I didn’t see one outside all day. Someone would have had to drop him off and pick him up. I would have heard the car. I guess they could have waited down at the gate. Why didn’t he say something when he left? He was a talker; I listened to his chatter all day.”
Barney stood in the dark of the second floor at “Grand Central”, shaking his head. Something was wrong. Had he seen Jasper, talked with him? Was it all in his head? Reality was bending again, skipping from what was to what wasn’t in the blink of an eye. If Jasper did not exist, then he would have spent the day imagining things. He wasn’t sure what had happened and what had not. He needed to get out of the building. He started toward the stairs when he was stopped in his tracks by a woman’s blood-curdling scream. 
“Not this again! I am not going to let this get to me. I’m going to my apartment and making myself something to eat, and going to bed. You ghosts can just have a good old time without me.”
Barney headed for the stairs and did not stop. He walked through the grand entry to the front door. He heard footsteps behind him, but chose not to look back. As he opened the door, he heard a voice whisper.
“Don’t go, Barney, stay and play.”
A shiver went up the back of his neck as he hit the outside air. He took a deep breath and attempted to clear his thoughts. He had experienced another lost day. It would not be so bad if this all had not happened to him before. It wasn’t just the issue he had when Sally found him. He knew he had problems with time when he was still with his wife. He was still not sure what exactly happened during that time in his life. 
It also happened when he was a teenager. That was when the incident happened. Neither he nor his family ever spoke about it. It hung over them for years, an unspoken curse on all of them. His father never forgave him. But it wasn’t his fault; still, he had taken the blame. After that, he was never good enough for his father. He was criticized daily for not thinking, not taking responsibility. He could still hear the chiding for not being man enough. 
He stood in the cold darkness in front of the Lockwood. The waning crescent of the moon offered a dim light reflecting off the freshly fallen snow. The frosty surface twinkled as the frozen crystals played with the moonlight. The mystical quality of the glistening snow surrounding the massive building seemed to be highlighting the darkness of the structure. He could feel the energy of the place growing as the evening wore on. 
He felt compelled to reenter the building. It was as though the Lockwood was laying claim to him. It was beckoning him to become a permanent resident. There was a part of him that longed for the feeling of being part of something. He had been alone for most of his life. His marriage had turned out to be a false union. His family had abused and abandoned him emotionally. His work had never fulfilled him or offered collegial support. His life was filled with dark memories. Most of which left him feeling hollow and isolated.
That darkness had followed him since childhood. It took away much of the beauty within his world. It obscured goodness in the shadows of depression and feelings of personal failure. That shadowy presence was crawling out of his surroundings. It was soaking into his very being. It seemed to be filling him with aggression and anger, yet he embraced it.  He had the sensation that the darkness was growing within him. There was no shaking the feeling. 
________________


Chapter 5


Sally had been busy with one call after another all day. She had covered nearly the entire county. Her plan to stop and see Barney had been thwarted several times throughout the nearly fifteen-hour day. It was now nearly 8:00 pm. She was questioning if it was too late to drive out to the Lockwood. By the time she would get there, it would be 8:30. She wasn’t sure Barney was ready for evening guests, or that their relationship needed any complications yet regarding overnight visits. She did know that she was worried about him, and at least needed to try calling him again. She picked up her cell phone and pressed the speed dial for Barney.
The phone was buzzing in Barney’s pocket for nearly half a minute when he realized what was happening. 
“Hello?”
“Hi, I’m glad you answered. When you didn’t earlier, I started to worry, and then work took control of my schedule. I haven’t had a chance to call until now. I was thinking of driving out there, but I wasn’t sure what you would think of that.”
Sally had been so nervous about Barney that she wasn’t letting him get a word in as she poured out the story of her day.
“No need to drive all the way out here. I’m fine.”
Sally was a little taken aback by the minimal response from him. He had stated he cared for her, as she did him. Why was he being so non-communicative? She needed him to talk so she could feel good about where they stood. He had turned down her visit abruptly. That did not sit so well.
“You don’t want me to come out to see you?”
“Oh, it’s not that. I just think you probably need your rest after such a big day.”
Okay, so he was worried about her rest. Was she just second-guessing herself for telling him how she felt? Was he sounding cold, or was she reading too much into  … well, everything? She couldn’t tell. Her self-esteem was not sitting very high, and his perceived lack of warmth was not helping it. She was getting herself into an emotional turmoil just talking with him, or rather, trying to talk with him.
“All right, well, if you aren’t interested in a visit I will just let you get back to whatever you were doing. Call me when you are interested in getting together.”
“Oh, okay. Good night.”
“Goodbye!”
Sally got off the phone, no longer concerned about Barney; she was just plain angry with him. He had been cold and indifferent. After what she had told him, she had poured her heart out to him, told him how she really felt about him. She had made it clear she wanted to be with him; how dare he treat her with so little compassion? Hell was going to freeze over before she called him back. The ball was in his court. If he wanted to speak with her, he was going to have to make the first move. 
She fumed for about forty-five minutes, rewinding the affront that was that phone call. As her anger began to subside, she started thinking about what she had actually told Barney. She had said she cared for him, but she hadn’t stated anything beyond that. When she thought about it, pouring her heart out really didn’t define what she had done. In fact, it probably didn’t look or sound anything like that to Barney. She was overreacting because she wanted things to move faster than they probably should. 
“Sally girl, you can be an idiot at times. He could have been tired; he may have been distracted. There were any number of reasons he wasn’t warmer on the phone. It could be that he just is not a phone call person. Not everyone likes to talk on a phone at all, let alone about feelings. You just made a fool of yourself. Tomorrow I have to drive out there. We will do better face-to-face.”
Sally made herself a peanut butter sandwich. After her meager dinner, she went to bed. It was early, but she had to be on the road by 5:00 am the next day.


*****


        Barney was too distracted to realize the impact his phone call with Sally had on his friend. She would not have known he was standing on the steps of the Lockwood as he spoke with her. His mind was only partially on their conversation as he was filled with thoughts of what was transpiring within the building’s walls. Barney felt he was now almost a part of the community that hid in the shadows of the structure’s confines. That throng of residents that did not show themselves to the living. Barney had somehow crossed over. Though still a living being, his spirit had accepted the darkness.
He walked back into the building, leaving his flashlight behind. He had no need for that. For inside the building had been transformed. The marble was now clean and shone like new. The lights were all functioning. And the building was alive with the bustle of nurses, the patients positioned in rooms, waiting spaces, and convalescent areas all over the building. 
Barney walked through the halls unseen by the crowd of inhabitants, for while he was among them, he was not fully with them. The living and the dead may occupy the same space and see glimpses of each other or hear voices from the other side, but they are not on the same plane. Given the right electromagnetic or atmospheric conditions, shadows or silhouettes pierce the divide. The interaction is easier if the living is in tune with the darkness.
That darkness dwelt within Barney. He had done things in his life that bound him to death. Now, even as a living soul, he embodied the spirit of the dead and dying. It was the burden that gnawed at his mind. He could feel it more and more as the days wore on, surrounded by the energy of the Lockwood. He had fought it for so many months. It was now a feeling he was learning to embrace.
As he walked, he saw a darker figure whose features he could not fully discern. It seemed the others in the building stepped far aside as he strode the halls. He was different from the masses. His energy seemed to leave a trail of evil. Barney knew this figure. He had chased him many times. He was now looking upon it with full knowledge that they were connected in a way he did not quite understand. He contemplated that connection; he was distracted by another man dressed in overalls, wearing a slouching cap. It was Jasper! What was he doing back in the building? Barney called his name.
“Jasper, what are you doing here?”
There was no response.
“Jasper, you must be able to hear me. Why are you ignoring me? Wait, are you talking with them? How can you talk with them? You would have to be one of them, you would have to be dea …”
Barney’s voice trailed off. That would explain what had happened, why no work was completed after he saw Jasper during the day. Jasper was one of them, and he had crossed over in the shadows of the building where Barney could see him. He was the building’s messenger, beckoning Barney to join them. 
Hours melted away as Barney stood in wonder at the activity within the decaying walls of the building he had been responsible for over the last two years. As the sun’s rays began to filter through the windows and gaps in the walls, the images of all the souls he had witnessed faded. One by one, they walked into oblivion, disappearing as the decrepitude of the structure once again became apparent. At length, it was just him standing in the debris-filled space. No sleep, no food, alone. 
“Did I really see all of that? Where did the night go? Time is moving so quickly. It is happening without me realizing it. I was just leaving the building a few minutes ago. I don’t understand what is happening. I’ve lost time before. I’m afraid I do things when that happens, things I am not proud of. Did Sally call me last night, or did I imagine that? Why are my boots so wet? I thought I was in the building all night. How would they have gotten wet? I’ve got work to do. This place has to be ready for the Posse people. I promised Patty.”
Though exhausted, Barney went back to work with a vengeance, clearing hall after hall. His hands were frozen by late afternoon. He had neither slept nor eaten. He had nearly all of the interior work done for the Paranormal Posse. He still needed to run the large electrical cable for their RV. He also needed to clear the snow from the driveway. He had one more day to complete that work. He needed to rest. Leaving the building seemed to take every ounce of his strength. It was as though the structure itself had its grasp on him. He pushed his way out of the door. He could hear wailing from inside calling him back. It was compelling him to return and never leave. He knew what that meant. He would need to become one of them. The darkness in him wanted to make that possible. He felt a strange longing to end the misery of his living existence. His desire to fulfill his duties forced him to postpone what was becoming increasingly inevitable.
He walked to his apartment still confused as to what exactly had happened the night before. Seeing Jasper in the building, walking among the spectral collective, was odd. Why had he shown himself to Barney the day before? Was that a sign that Barney’s time among the living was coming to an end? What had he done all night? The lost time, the wet boots, were vacant clues that he had been elsewhere and done something, but what?


*****


Twelve Hours Earlier


Ben awoke from a drug-induced sleep. His head hurt, and he could not move. He was tied down to a large wooden table. His arms were pulled to the corners and tied to the table legs. His waist was tied to the opposite edge, and his feet were tied to the legs of the table at that end. He couldn’t move other than to squirm against the restraints. He looked around as well as he could. It was an old cabin. The rancid smell of the place was mixed with the smoke from what must have been a fireplace. 
He could hear movement near the top of his head, but he could not see the person. His eyes were attempting to adjust to the dimly lit room. Ben’s body ached from what he assumed were hours of being tied down in such a manner. It was unclear how long he had been out. He tried to recall what had happened.
He remembered he was doing a task for Dorian. He was trying to get on the roof of the Lockwood. That was it. He was lifting the metal ladder when someone stabbed him with a needle. There must have been something in that syringe that knocked him out. He thought about who had snuck up on him. As his head throbbed, his mind was still feeling the effects of the sedative. The cobwebs were masking the memory of his abductor. They had to be in the room. Then he heard someone talking.
“Yes, I have to do this. I’m not getting the rush I once did from the critters. This is going to be an achievement I can relish. I will transform this person into more than they are now. I will provide them with sight from within. They will no longer be tied to the false physical world. The existence we lead is all just an illusion. People create it to give themselves a sense of place. There is no such thing; it is a hoax we perpetrate on ourselves. 
“You, father, are the biggest supporter of this hoax. You hate me for what happened to my brother. You believe he is gone, when in fact he was set free. He no longer has to deal with your foolish expectations, your chiding, and complaining that he and I needed to be more.”
The person speaking walked to the side of the table. No face was visible. A large hooded robe covered his features. The figure’s monk-like appearance was familiar to Ben. He strained against the ropes.
“Who are you? What do you think you are doing? I demand you release me. I was only looking for a way to get on the roof. My friends want to perform a silly ritual. It would have caused no harm. I would have left if you just told me to; I would have gladly gone away. Why am I tied up like this?”
“Silly ritual, was it? The energy of the Lockwood is not silly. It is real, and its power shall become clear to you. Once your vision is changed. Once you see with your inner eye, you will know its true power.” 
“What are you talking about? What inner eye? I just want to leave and go home. Just let me go. I won’t tell anyone about this.”
“Oh, you won’t be telling anyone anything after we are through here tonight.”
“What do you mean?”
Tears were streaming down Ben’s face. He feared for his life. He believed whoever the hooded figure was had to be out of his mind. There wasn’t any way to reason with the guy.
“Come on, man. I haven’t done anything to you.”
“You should thank me. You will be the first human I have transformed. I have practiced several times for this very moment. You will be perfect when I finish my work.”
Ben was screaming as the figure moved away. When he returned with a knife that was glowing bright red from sitting in the flames of the fireplace, his screaming grew even louder.
“Stop! I’ve done nothing to you. Why are you doing this? The knife is so hot. I can feel it from here. What are you doing? Don’t DON’T AGGGHHHH!”
The knife came down into Ben’s left eye. His scream was gurgled and high-pitched. He writhed on the table, his back arching off its wooden surface. Then he went limp as he passed out from the searing pain. 
Not wanting to miss the boy’s anguish as the second eye was burned out of his skull, the hooded figure waited for him to come back around. He stirred, crying from the agony the burning had caused. He was now begging with all of his soul for the torture to stop. 
His tormentor walked away, only to return with a second knife, glowing from the flames. Ben could tell where this was going. The tear-filled, blurry sight of his right eye registered its last view of the world. It was of the hooded figure bringing the knife toward his eye. The feature he could see was a grinning mouth, and then pain and darkness. His screams trailed off as he once again passed out from the shock. His ordeal was far from over. The man in the hood pushed Ben’s jaw open. He reached inside his mouth with a metal tongs and then, using the knife, now somewhat cooled from its plunge in the boy’s right eye, he sliced through the muscly thickness of his tongue. With this act, he rendered the boy mute.
Sweating profusely, in shock, and overcome with pain, Ben lay limp on the table. He moaned and whimpered as his torturer stood surveying his work.
“You are now a new being. You may walk among the spectral throngs of the Lockwood as one of them. Your eyes were of no use, your tongue meaningless. You may commune with the spirits on a higher level. I have given you that gift. This is my legacy, my offering to the darkness. You have become one with the darkness. When the time comes, I shall lead you to your home, where light is of no consequence, and your inner sight shall be your guide.”
Ben’s mind was on fire; he had been tortured beyond endurance, and some maniac was talking gibberish about his home at the Lockwood. He hated this guy; he hated Dorian for sending him into this, and he hated life. In his mind, he was begging to just die and end the agony.
The hooded figure removed the cloak and walked out into the wet snow.


*****


Five O’clock in the morning came along with Sally’s alarm. She had not slept well. Her concerns for Barney kept her awake, and then she had strange dreams. Most nights, she would say she doesn’t dream at all. That isn’t exactly true, as everyone dreams. So in reality, she often just didn’t remember them. That was not the case for her during the recent night. She had dreams that were vivid, and she remembered every moment of them.
Barney was with her, and they were enjoying each other’s company when a whirlwind of ghost-like figures swept him up and carried him away. In her dream, she ran after them, yelling and shouting at them to let him go. The ghosts did not listen; they flew until they were at a great castle. As she thought about it, the castle was a giant building that had turrets like a castle, but it wasn’t a castle; it was the Lockwood. That is how it goes in dreams, elements of what you see can be two different things at one time. Barney was hauled into the castle/Lockwood, and the door was barred shut. Sally tried to enter, but while she was standing at the door, she was transported across a moat. There she was held at bay by a large barking dog. 
She was surrounded by people, many of whom she felt she knew, but in the dream did not recognize. They were all talking about her and Barney. They were saying mean things about the two of them; many were lies about how they were having an affair, and she wasn’t doing her job. Some were saying Barney was as crazy as Dober. She couldn’t get to Barney, and the people were not friendly; she was all alone, and in her dream, she felt desperate to just hold Barney’s hand. Then the Lockwood/castle just vanished. She was left with the people around her now laughing. It seemed the source of their glee was her standing crying because she had lost the man she loved. That was when the alarm brought her out of the nightmare.
Sally played with the spoon in her cereal, not actually consuming any of it. She was trying to figure out what to do about Barney. The phone call had been so disturbing, and she felt she should just leave some space between them. That was the logical thing to do, but she didn’t want to be logical. Relationships aren’t logical. They can be messy in good ways and also not so good. The frustration overflowed as she began talking to herself.
“My feelings for Barney are messy. I had been reticent to tell him how I felt when we were younger, and then I missed my opportunity in college. Now, when I could have been quite clear about how I felt, I relied on him picking up on my signals when I said I CARED for him.
“Barney had said he cared for me, but did he mean in the way I meant? Damn my introversion. That has always been my problem. As a cop, I can play a role. Behind my badge, I can act the part of someone able to speak their mind without any qualms. In my personal life, I know I tend to act like the church mouse, keeping my thoughts and feelings hidden from public view or earshot.”
Sally stood from the table and dumped out the bowl of raisins and flakes. There would be no breakfast, just as there had been very little sleep. Her day was going to start much as it ended, with her totally confused as to how to get herself and Barney on the same page. 
She drove to the Sheriff’s office and switched to her cruiser. The vehicle was cold and uncomfortable. She had to head over to the hair parlor first thing. There were still people clamoring for action regarding Dober. That gossip needed to be nipped before someone ended up out at Dober’s place. Knowing that old coot, he was likely to take a shot at them. Then they would have a real problem.
It took about twenty minutes to get to Dorothy’s house. It was still pretty early in the morning, but Sally had a lot to do. Dorothy was just going to have to deal with her being an early visitor. She knocked on the door. When there was no answer, she knocked again. In about a minute, she could hear someone yelling from inside that they were coming.
“Sally? What are you doing here so early?”
Standing in front of the deputy was a large woman in her mid-fifties. Her hair was nearly standing straight up off her head. She wore a bathrobe that was a size too small and a long nightgown that must have been worn for five to ten years, as the fabric was worn thin.
“Sorry to get you up so early, but I have a lot on my plate today, and your house was the first location on my route.”
“What do you want?”
“I need your help. It seems that there are rumors about Dober Grumby abusing animals and molesting a child. There is no evidence of Dober doing anything. It appears this is a rumor gone wild.”
“What does all this have to do with me?”
“Well, it could be that the rumor started between some of your customers. I was hoping you could set the record straight with your clientele. We’re concerned if we don’t get this rumor stopped, someone will attempt to confront Dober on his property. He is a private guy and doesn’t like visitors.”
“I’m feeling like you are blaming me for the rumor.”
“Oh no, that is not what I intended to do. It is just that you are an important citizen in the community and you have the ability to reach a lot of people on every rung of the social ladder.”
“I will do what I can, though I can’t help but feel offended that you are suggesting that these rumors could have started here.”
“I’m so sorry to have offended you. That was not my objective. I am merely trying to avoid hurting someone who does not deserve this much attention. I appreciate you attempting to help stop the rumors. I’ll be going. Again, I’m sorry if I offended you.”
“I’ll do what I can, officer.”
“That’s all I can ask. Thank you.”
Dorothy was visibly perturbed by the whole conversation. Sally was not sure if she had helped the situation or created more of a problem. She certainly did not seem sympathetic to Dober’s position. She was much more concerned with being called out for allowing or promoting rumors through her business.                     
Sally could not spend much time thinking about whether she had hurt the feelings of the hairdresser. The fact was that the rumors had started at her establishment, whether she wanted to admit it or not.
Sally drove away, putting the whole conversation out of her mind. She had other things to worry about. At least while she confronted Dorothy, she was not thinking about Barney. Having now thought about him, she was back to worrying about what he was doing. She could fit a quick trip to the Lockwood into her schedule. She sat in her car looking at what she had on the docket. Her time was booked through the entire day. The only way she was going to have time to check in with Barney was if she was able to get ahead on her schedule. She was determined to make that happen, but her hopes took a devastating blow when she received a call from dispatch.
“Dispatch to Deputy Thomas.”
“Go for Thomas.”
“Sally, we just received a call from Max Osborn. He has a daughter named Crystal and a son named Ben. It seems they are both missing. He would like a deputy to stop by his office.”
“Got it, what office are we talking about?”
“The Brendon Real Estate Offices. They are just outside of Eau Claire.”
Sally looked at the time; it was nearly 9:00 am. It would take her about thirty-five minutes to get to the office.
“I can head there now. I should be there around 9:40. Has he said anything about where he thinks the kids are or if he thinks they are together?”
“He thinks it has something to do with one of their friends, Dorian Brendon.”
“Brendon? The same name as the Real Estate Office?”
“Yes, he’s the son of the woman who owns the place.” 
“Is this guy calling us because he is concerned his boss’s son could be involved with whatever is going on with his kids?”
“You’ll have to get the whole story from Osborn. I just know that we have to act right away whenever there is a possibility of a missing child. Both of these kids are under eighteen.”
“I understand, I’m on the way. Clear call.”
“Out.”
Sally drove into the city of Eau Claire. The Realtor’s office was on Prill Road, just off Highway 53, outside of the city limits. She parked in the lot and walked in, where she was immediately greeted by the receptionist.
“Welcome to Brendon Realty. Did you have an appointment with one of our agents?”
“I am Deputy Thomas with the Sheriff’s Department. I’m here to speak with Mr. Max Osborn.”
“Oh, you're here for Max. Just a moment, I will see if he is in.”
The receptionist stood up and walked around the divider she sat in front of and down a hall.
She tapped on an office door and then entered and shut the door.
“Max, there is a sheriff deputy out there to see you. Is everything okay?”
Max stood up and walked toward the young lady. He grabbed her around the waist and pulled her to him. He raised his hand to her face and brushed a few strands of hair from her forehead. He leaned in and kissed her. She reciprocated and then pulled back.
“Did you hear what I said? There is a deputy here for you. What is going on?”
“Dani, calm down. I asked them here. My kids are off doing something stupid. Neither of them is answering their phones or texts. I need them tracked down before it costs me more than it probably already will. Now, how about one more before you go get the guy waiting out there?”
“Oh, Max, you’re naughty.”
“You inspire me.”
“I don’t seem to inspire you to leave your wife.”
“Dani, you know the problems that will create. Be patient, I promise this isn’t a forever problem.”
“Okay, okay. Anyway, it is a female deputy waiting, not a guy.”
“Oh, is she cute?”
“Stop it, behave yourself!”
Dani left the office and made her way back to the lobby.
“Deputy, I will take you back to Mr. Osborn’s office now.”
Sally followed the receptionist through the hall. As she walked, she noticed the artworks displayed were all original works. The building and decor all presented an image of wealth. She made note of that since the kids were missing, the possibility of kidnapping was on the table.
“Mr. Osborn, this is Deputy Thomas.”
“Thank you, Dani. Deputy Thomas, thank you for responding to my call. I have a daughter, Crystal, who will be eighteen in a month, and a son, Ben, who just turned seventeen. I have not heard from either of them for the past two days, possibly three.”
“You’re not sure if it has been two or three days?”
“Well, I did get a rather cryptic text from Crystal saying she quarreled with her boyfriend, Dorian Brendon, and she was leaving town. That was two days ago. I hadn’t taken her seriously. You know how teenagers are. They like to be dramatic and overstate their emotions and such. But neither of them has slept in their beds the past three nights.”
“So, when was the last time you or your wife actually saw either of your children?”
“Let’s see, I believe I saw Ben last Monday, and Crystal was on the weekend, I think.”
Sally looked at the man and wondered why he had even called. It was more than apparent that he had little concern for the whereabouts of his children.
“Given the apparent looseness of your contacts with the kids, what makes you think they are actually missing?”
“I’m not sure I like the judgmental tone of your question.”
“Sir, I am not judging anyone. I am simply questioning how you determined their absence was different this time from what appears to be a normal routine of separation.”
“Well, to be quite honest, I usually see them more often when they need money. This seemed to be longer than usual.”
“Do you have any ideas as to where they may be right now?”
“If I knew that, I wouldn’t have called you.”
“What I am asking is, where are some places they could hang out where they could sleep and eat and essentially survive away from your home?”
“They spend a lot of time at the Brendon estate. I know Buck and Margo Brendon are out of the country right now. Dorian, their son, is out at their mansion alone. They could be there, but there would be no reason they wouldn’t answer their phones.”
“That brings us back to the supposed quarrel between Crystal and Dorian. Is it possible that Crystal did indeed leave town? Would she have the resources to do that? Does she have access to a credit card or bank account? Does she have her own vehicle?”
“She has her own car, and she does have a credit card, which she is allowed to use in emergencies. Her bank account is in her name and mine. I would be aware of any withdrawals. I don’t know if she had any cash saved up. She gets a couple of hundred a week allowance.”
“What about your son?”
“He has a car and access to a credit card as well. I have a bank account with him, the same way as my daughter.” 
“I assume he receives that same allowance?”
“Yeah, that is correct.”
Sally shook her head at the thought of how much money was at the disposal of the Osborn kids. 
“I will need to know if there is any activity on their credit cards. If your daughter is aware of how easily the credit card could be tracked, she could stick with cash. That is, if she is on the move on her own volition, and does not want to be found. Do the two children get along? Is it possible your son would leave with your daughter if she did decide to run away?”
“I can’t believe she really would just leave town on her own. She will graduate in just a few months. Why would she throw that away? As far as Ben going with her, well, that could happen, I suppose. They are pretty close. Ben does not like school; his grades show that quite regularly. Wherever they are, I assume they could be together.”
“You mentioned the Brendon boy. Are there any other close friends?”
“The two of them hang out with Dorian, and I think the banker’s daughter.”
“What is her name?”
“The banker’s last name is Murrey. Her name is Bonnie or something like that. There is another boy also. I think he may be the Murrey girl’s boyfriend. That is all I am aware of, as far as kids they could be with.”
“Do you have any monitoring set up on your daughter’s Internet devices?”
“What do you mean?”
“Do you have any idea if she has been communicating with a stranger on the Internet? There are many people out there who attempt to lure young people to meet with them and then engage in forms of abuse.”
“Oh, I think Crystal is too smart to fall for something like that.”
“So, I assume your answer is that we can’t rule that out, because you don’t monitor her access?”
“No, I don’t know for certain. I still believe she would not leave town on her own.”
“The alternative is not good. Have you noticed anyone around your kids that you would consider suspicious? Do you have enemies that would want to harm you through your children?”
“No, I’m not aware of anyone in either case.”
Osborn was shifting more often in his chair. He was getting progressively more uncomfortable about how little he really knew about his kids. He was also getting annoyed at the deputy for essentially pointing out how absent he was in his children’s lives.
“Would your wife be aware of anyone?”
“I don’t think so, we are not home very often. My wife and I have not spoken for a couple of days. We lead pretty busy lives.”
“I will probably need to speak with her at some point.”
“Oh, I suppose that would be fine.”
There was something about his answer that made Sally wonder if the Osborns had spoken about the missing children at all.
“She is aware the kids are missing, right?”
“Well, we haven’t spoken about it. I was hoping we would track them down before she needed to get involved.”
“I’m sorry, are the two of you separated, or nearing divorce?”
“Is that really any of your business?”
“Actually, yes, it is. It could have a bearing on this whole situation. Marital problems can create all kinds of issues within families. So, while I am investigating what is going on with your children, there are no off-limits topics. Now, please answer the question.”
Osborn was perturbed by the situation and the deputy’s insistence on having all topics open for the investigation.
“Okay, so my wife and I are not separated, but we are not in a good place regarding communication. She is living at the main house of our property, and I am living in the guest house right now. I am not happy that you have placed me in a position of having to answer this type of question. Now, can you please go and do your job? Find my kids.”
“I will do my best, sir. I will be starting with the Brendon boy. As soon as you have the opportunity, please check the credit cards for activity, and let me know what you learn. I will be giving you a daily progress report until we have some answers.”
“Alright, that sounds reasonable. If you discover one or both. I need to be informed immediately.”
“Of course. I had best be on my way.”
Sally left the office and returned to her vehicle. She could not help but think how sad the Osborn family’s situation seemed. They didn’t really sound like a family at all. They were a group of seemingly disinterested housemates. In her opinion, money certainly didn’t add to their relationship. It wasn’t her job to judge their family dynamics. Her task was to find the kids.
Gnawing at her mind was the thought that whoever had mutilated the raccoons was still out there. What if they had decided to move up the food chain? She was headed to the Brendon home. It seemed as though the boyfriend with whom Crystal supposedly quarreled would be the best place to start.


***** 


It was nearly noon when Barney stirred from his sleep. His mind was muddled. Had he really been in the building the night before, or had he dreamt the whole thing? He was hungry. It had been a while since he sat down for a meal. He walked to his refrigerator and saw the leftover meatloaf Sally had prepared for him. He began to think of her. 
“When was the last time we spoke? I think it was a phone call. I don’t remember how it went, but I think she said if I wanted to talk, I was supposed to call her. Now that I think about it, I may have messed up in how I spoke to her. Should I call and just say, Hi? Should I apologize? I’m not sure what I would be apologizing for. Maybe I should just give her space. I’m not sure about a relationship anyway. I can’t leave the Lockwood, not now, or … maybe ever. 
“I feel I have become a part of this place. I believe I will be fully enveloped by it soon. As he thought of the mass of spirits inside, the spectre of the shadow man crept into his psyche. Who is that shadow? It has different energy and seems to be able to interact with me, unlike the others. I don’t really fear any part of the place except him.”
Barney stopped talking to himself as his thoughts turned to his place among the dead. The darkness that filled his soul was at home there. 
He realized he was still standing, looking into the refrigerator. His mind was disjointed. 
“What was I doing? Eating something, that’s right.”
 He grabbed the cold meatloaf and made a sandwich. As he sat at the table, he had to plan his day. The building was ready for the special visitors. They would be arriving the next day. That would actually be during a new moon. The complete darkness of the place would be excellent for them to interact with the residents of the Lockwood. 
All he needed to get done was the power line for their RV and plow the driveway. He finished his meal and then put on his coat, hat, and gloves. He exited the apartment to work outdoors. As he walked out, he was surprised by Dober. 
“I didn’t expect to see you today. I don’t have any work inside. All I am doing is setting up a power cord for an RV that will be parked here tomorrow and plowing the drive.”
Dober just shrugged and headed off to climb into the old truck with the plow mounted. Barney watched him walk away, thinking it was strange that he didn’t say anything. He went to the storage shed and grabbed two extension cords. He figured they would reach from the receptacle outside his door to the spot on the driveway where he anticipated the RV would sit. He strung them out, and it was a good fit. He flipped them out of the way and headed for the truck.
“It should take about an hour to do a decent job of clearing all of the snow from the drive and getting the gate area cleaned out.”
Dober just looked out the truck windshield.
“What have you been up to?”
His friend turned his head and, with a very sober expression, spoke.
“I think you are well aware of what I have been doing.”
“What is that supposed to mean?”
“It means you know very well what I have been doing; you put me in that position.”
“Oh, you are probably talking about the Sheriff’s Deputy that stopped to talk with you. How did that go?”
Dober didn’t talk; he just waved for Barney to stop. He then exited the truck.
“Hey, wait. I’m sorry that she bothered you. I told her not to do it, but she wouldn’t listen. You know, the people around here don’t understand you. They think you are capable of doing things, just because you act like the town fool. If they knew you as I do, they would be more likely to leave you alone.”
Barney kept talking as he got out of the truck and walked around to try to talk with his friend. When he got around the truck, Dober wasn’t there. He looked for where he had gone so fast and couldn’t see him anywhere. 
“Where are you? How did you get out of sight so fast? Come on, Dober, you know I don’t want something like this to destroy our friendship.”
There was no response. Barney searched the landscape for a sign of where Dober had gone. That was when he realized there was no car in the drive or down by the gate. Dober wouldn’t have walked there. He looked at the snow around the truck. There were footprints, but he wasn’t sure they weren’t all his. Where did Dober walk?
“Come on, Dober. Come out of wherever you went. We need to talk about this. I’m sorry, okay? I swear I asked her not to try to question you. Please come out where I can see you; you’re freaking me out.”
There was still no response.
“Did I just imagine he was here? I must have more guilt bottled up in me for mentioning Dober’s name to Sally. Between the guilty feelings and so little sleep, I’m imagining things. That has to be what’s going on here. Maybe after I get the work done here, I could drive over to Dober’s cabin and apologize. Yeah, that is what I should do.”
Barney got back into the truck and started plowing. The driveway was over a quarter of a mile long, and the snow had drifted, creating piles nearly five feet tall. It took forty-five minutes to get the driveway cleared to the gate. The gate area was going to take some time because the snow was piled up from a portion of the drive, as well as from the road in front of the place. It was piled higher than the gate itself. It took another forty minutes to clear it all out and haul it across the road.
Barney looked at the road with a small sense of pride. The place looked ready for the guests who were arriving the next day. The pride was soon replaced with an overwhelming feeling of apprehension. These people were going to be in the building, his building, his Lockwood. They were going to be attempting to interact with the energy of the place. There was a part of him that thought he should be protecting the entities that dwelt behind those walls. They had shown themselves to him; they were beckoning him to join them. They trusted him. Was he betraying that trust by allowing these people to come in and possibly exploit the residents? Had they not been through enough in life? Must their death be placed on exhibit? It was a question for which he had no answer. He had mixed loyalties with which to contend. He worked for Patty, but he was becoming part of THEM. He determined it was best to just keep working. 
He pulled the truck up to the shed in which it was stored. Barney grabbed the keys and locked the doors. Even this close to his apartment, some people would still attempt to steal the truck or just mess with it. He had to steer clear of the building. It was drawing him in much like it had the night before. That was not what he needed or could handle. There was already enough confusion and mixed emotions within him. He had to hold it together and last through the next couple of days while the celebrity guests were on the property. Barney decided that even though it was early in the day, he would just go back to the apartment and watch TV until he fell asleep. 
He wasn’t certain what time the group would be arriving the next day, so he needed all the rest he could get. He also needed something to take his mind off the things he was seeing or thought he saw. It was obvious he was losing time more often, and he seemed to be regularly crossing through the divide between life and death. With each exposure to the other side, the darkness within him grew. It was filling him, making him feel so very heavy. That burden was adding to his level of exhaustion and pulling him toward the Lockwood. Going into that building would start the cycle all over. He did have a lot of questions that may only be answered within the Lockwood, but they would have to wait.


*****


  Sally started her search at the high school. It was a school day, so Dorian, the Banker’s daughter, and her boyfriend should be in school. Memorial High School was located about seven miles from Osborn’s office, in the center of Eau Claire. 
She had just driven into the parking lot when she received a call.
“Dispatch to Thomas.”
“Go for Thomas.”
“Sally, I have Doc Blanchard on the phone for you. I will patch him through.”
“Okay.”
“Ahh … hello? Sally?”
“Hi, Doc. What can I do for you?”
“I wanted to let you know that as I was checking my van today, I realized two of my surgical knives are missing. Whoever took the Azaperone must have taken the knives as well.”
“Could those be used to remove an eye?”
“Why would you ask that?”
“I have another investigation that involves removing eyes from raccoons.”
“Oh, does that have anything to do with the missing kids?”
“I don’t know. I’m just concerned the raccoon mutilator may be our thief. Is there anything else about the theft I should know?”
“I don’t think so, but something was going on out at the Brendon estate early this morning.”
“What do you mean by something?”
“There were lights around their lower driveway that went off as I drove by.”
“What time was that?”
“It was around 3:30 am.”
“Why were you driving by at that time in the morning?”
“Oh, I ahh … was coming back from a call.”
“So you saw someone around the lower driveway of the estate, and when they saw you, they turned off their lights. Is that right?”
“That is what happened.”
“Okay, well, I will be checking out there later.”
“Okay, I just wanted to let you know.”
“Thanks, Doc. I’ll get in touch if I need anything else.”
“Okay, thanks, Sally.”
The deputy took a moment and wrote a few notes about what the Doctor had to say. When she was done, she got back on track and headed for the entrance to the school. 
The entry doors were set up for security, and the deputy had to be buzzed in. Sally went to the main office to request to see the three students. As she entered the office, she noticed the nameplate of the person at the front desk. It read Angie.
“Hello, Angie, I am Deputy Sally Thomas with the County Sheriff’s Department. I am investigating the whereabouts of Crystal and Ben Osborn. They did not happen to attend school today, did they?”
“Oh, give me a second to check on that, Deputy.”
Angie looked at her computer screen and tapped a few keys, presumably to check the attendance log.
“It looks like they were both marked absent today.”
“I guess that is not a surprise; they are the missing kids I am looking for.”
“It looks like they missed yesterday as well. That did not raise any red flags, as they have a record of missing the maximum number of days.”
“I’m looking for three other students who are friends of the Osborn kids. Their names are Dorian Brendon, a girl whose last name is Murrey, and a young man, I believe, is her boyfriend.”
“Oh, Dorian, I’m not surprised he is someone the police want to speak with.”
“Why would you say that?”
“Dorian has been a challenge all through his high school career. If he worked in his classes half as hard as he works at causing trouble, he would be at the top of his class.”
        “Is he in attendance today?”
        “No, he is not. He has been out of school all week.”
        “Can you help with the names of the other two students?”
        “I believe you are looking for Bobbie Murrey.”
        “Bobbie, that must be it. Do you have any idea of who the boy could be?”
        “I think you are looking for Dan Zinkie. He has been involved with that group over the years. He at least would know who you are looking for if it’s not him.”
        “Okay then, you know my next question.”
        “You need to know if they are here today.”
        “That is correct.”
        “Let’s take a look. It appears Bobbie is, and let’s see, Zinkie? Yes, Dan has been marked present as well.”
        “Could the two of them be called to the office? Is there a place I could speak with them?”
        “Yes, I will call them down here. We have a small conference room just off the copy machine room, down the hall to the left. Would you like any coffee or some water?”
        “Some water would be great. I have been going all day without a chance for a break. When it’s cold out like today, it gets pretty dry. I’m starting to feel it.”
        “I’ll bring you some, go ahead to the room.”
        “Thanks.”
        “Do you want the two students at the same time or one at a time?”
        “Go ahead and send them both in, thanks.”
        “Will do, it could take a couple of minutes for them to get here. The school is spread out.”
        “Thank you.”
        Sally walked to the conference room, and Angie followed shortly after with the water. As the deputy sat there, she pulled out a small notebook. She jotted down a few questions for the kids she would be meeting. It took about ten minutes for them to arrive. Angie had walked them back to the room. The pair looked very apprehensive as they entered.
“Please sit down. I have a few questions for you.”
Dan looked at Bobbie and then back at the deputy. Since he had his share of experience with the law, he was aware of his rights.
“Are we in trouble? Should we have our parents here?”
“No, I don’t think you’re in trouble. If at any time you don’t want to answer my questions, you can request an adult present. That is your right. My main purpose here is to get any information I can regarding two missing kids that I believe you know very well. I’m looking for Crystal and Ben Osborn. Can you tell me anything about their whereabouts?”
Dan was still suspicious of the deputy’s motives.
“You don’t think we had anything to do with them going missing, do you?”
“No, I didn’t, should I?”
Bobbie was quick to answer.
“NO! I haven’t seen Crystal for three days. Not since we saw her out at Dorian’s house.”
“When you saw her out there, did it appear that she and Dorian were getting along?”
Bobbie responded.
“Yeah, sure, they didn’t seem to be having any problems, but …”
“Please finish what you were saying. Your friend's safety could be at stake.”
“Well, I don’t think Crystal liked how far Dorian was taking his latest obsession.”
“What do you mean by obsession?”
Bobbie looked at Dan. He knew she was concerned about sharing the whole ritual thing that Dorian wanted to do. Dan opted to be the one to explain.
“Dorian is into the occult. He believes he can call forth a demon that will wreak havoc upon his enemies. I know it sounds ridiculous when I say it out loud, but he truly believes in it. I think Crystal was afraid he could do it. She was not comfortable with Dorian deciding who the enemies were. Dorian is an angry guy right now. Bobbie and I were supposed to be part of his ritual along with Crystal and Ben. We decided it was too weird, so we were planning to back out even if it meant we were no longer friends with Dorian.”
“In your opinion, could Dorian harm Crystal or Ben?”
“We met Dorian two days ago to practice for the ritual. We met in a warehouse that his dad owns. He bought these stupid robes we were supposed to wear for the real day. We put them on for the practice. I felt like an idiot.”
“Were Crystal and Ben at the practice?”
“Ben showed up, but Dorian pulled him to the side and whispered with him for a while, and then Ben left. He didn’t look like he wanted to do whatever it was Dorian sent him off to do.”
“How do you know he didn’t want to do it?”
“It was the look he gave Dorian as he left.”
        “So, you don’t know where he went?”
        “I don’t know, but I think it could have something to do with where we … or, actually, Dorian had planned to do the ritual.”
“Where is the ritual supposed to happen?”
Bobbie looked at Dan. He shook his head yes, and she turned to Officer Thomas and spoke.
“Dorian said that the Lockwood had the energy we needed for the ritual to work.”
“The Lockwood? Where were you planning to do it out there?”
Dan took over answering again.
“Dorian said on the roof. He said the energy from the place would concentrate in the center of the roof. He might have sent Ben out there to do some looking around, maybe to see how we were getting on the roof. I’m just guessing. The look on Ben’s face when he left seemed to say he hated Dorian for making him do something he was dreading.”
“When was this ritual supposed to take place?”
“Soon, I think. Dorian never said specifically when. The practice was supposed to get us ready, so I assumed it was sometime this week. It had something to do with the moon. I didn’t listen that close to that B.S. Did you understand that stuff, Bobbie?”
“No, it had to do with phases or something like that. He was really into it, but I don’t know when he was planning to do his little play acting as a priest of Balsadore.”
“Neither of you answered my question regarding whether Dorian could harm either Crystal or Ben.”
Once again, the couple looked at one another. Bobbie was starting to cry. Dan held her hand and spoke for the two of them.
“Maybe, up to a couple of weeks ago, I would have said he would never hurt either of them. Lately, I’m not so sure. He has really gone off the deep end with the idea of conjuring a demon. You see, he thinks he will be the demon's hand on earth.”
“His hand? What does that mean?”
“He thinks he will have the demon’s powers and can use them against anyone who stands in his way. I think he is acting crazy. I don’t know if he is sleeping or not. His parents are out of town and will be for another week. He has some issues anyway. There was something that happened to his brother.”
“Dan, I don’t think we should say anything about that. That is their family stuff. We shouldn’t judge it or tell the story. We don’t even know the whole story.”
“Why don’t you tell me what you do know. Anything you say would be considered hearsay evidence and inadmissible in court. But it could help me find your friends. You want that, don’t you?”
”Of course we do, but this is ancient history. It has to do with Dorian’s younger brother.”
“There is another Brendon boy? Does he go to school here?”
“No, he died when he was younger. He and Dorian were playing with fireworks, and something went horribly wrong.”
“Were they injured?”
“Dorian wasn’t, but his brother was badly hurt. I think he was burned somehow. I never heard the full story. The family doesn’t talk about it. It seemed like they blamed Dorian. He doesn’t get along with his parents, particularly his dad. His mom kind of ignores him.”
“Can either of you think of a reason that Crystal would leave town on her own, and if she did, would Ben go with her?”
Bobbie was shaking her head no as she looked at Dan. He shrugged. Bobbie spoke for them.
“I don’t think Crystal would leave without telling me. She graduates in a couple of months. If she left now, she would be throwing college out the window, and I think she has too many plans to do that. As far as Ben is concerned, he could be with her. They are very close. Their parents are … well, they aren’t very involved. I don’t want to say too much about them; they are busy and not around much.”
“Okay, you told me about the last time you saw Crystal. When was the last contact of any kind, either of you have had with Crystal or Ben?
“The day we saw her at Dorian’s, I received a text saying she had a ‘quarrel’ with Dorian and she was leaving town. She wouldn’t use the word quarrel and she would have told me where she was going.”
“What are you saying? Do you think someone else wrote the text?”
“I don’t know, I just know it doesn’t sound like her.”
“Have either of you seen any social media postings from Crystal or Ben in the last two days?”
 “Wow, I hadn’t thought about it. No, I haven’t seen anything, and that is really not like Crystal. She posted all of the time. Ben wasn’t that active, but Crystal probably did twenty to thirty posts a day, and there had been zero from her.”
Bobbie was physically shaken by the revelation that her friend had been silent the entire time she had been missing. If she wasn’t hurt or somehow restrained, she would have been online. Tears were welling in her eyes as she began to think Crystal was in serious trouble.
“Can you think of where the two Osborn kids might be?”
Neither Bobbie nor Dan seemed to have an answer to that. Bobbie spoke up.
“Deputy, do you think something has happened to them? Are they hurt or …”
Bobbie was in full breakdown, crying at the thought of her friends being injured or possibly worse.
“Please, don’t jump to conclusions that they are harmed in any way. At this point, all we know is that they have been missing for two days. We have no evidence beyond that. I think you two should head back to class. Thank you for all of your help.”
“How will we know if they are okay?”
“I’m sure you two will be the first people they contact when they are back.” 
“What if they … If they don’t come back?”
“Let’s not worry about something that hasn’t happened, okay?”
“Okay.”
The two kids left the conference room. Sally sat thinking about what they had said. In the back of her mind, she knew that missing persons who are gone for more than forty-eight hours are less likely to be found alive. That outcome increases as the hours and days wear on. The thought sent a shiver down her spine. She gathered her notes and walked out to the front of the office.
“Angie, thank you for your assistance.”
“I hope the kids were helpful. I know they can be a handful.”
“They were invaluable, I think they are concerned for their friends.”
“That is good to hear. We see these kids acting too cool to care a lot of the time. It’s good to know down deep they still have some compassion for their fellow man.”
“Thank you for all your help.”
“Are you any closer to finding the Osborn kids?”
“Let’s just say I have a few more places to look.”
“Good luck, we don’t want anything bad to happen to any child.”
Sally nodded and left the school. She needed to find Dorian Brendon. In her vehicle, she did a quick address look-up. It appeared the Brendon estate was close to the Lockwood. She could maybe kill two birds with one stone. After checking on Dorian Brendon, she could see what Barney was up to. 
She was not happy with how she and Barney had left their last conversation. It would be much better to spend some time face-to-face. It was late afternoon. By the time she was done with the Brendon kid, she could spend a portion of the evening with Barney and speak more clearly about her feelings. She might as well lay it out there and see if they have a chance or not. The thought of being that open was forming a tightness in her chest and a lump in her throat. She realized, just sitting there in her cold vehicle, that she was beginning to perspire. She was really going to have to force herself to be straightforward.
________________
Chapter 6


        Barney was seated at his table, eating two fried eggs. As he stared at the meal, he absentmindedly swirled his fork in the food, forming a yokey puddle on his plate. He watched as it oozed and surrounded the egg whites, creating a yellow moat around them. There were several things on his mind; first and foremost was the Lockwood. He had forced himself to walk away from the front door of the place. It was difficult for him to understand the tremendous energy that was pulling him into the structure. He just knew he had to fight it for a few more days. That was going to be quite a task, a battle of wills. His was losing ground as the power of the building seemed to be growing. That darkness he had kept hidden for so many years was festering within and building a bond with the spirits of the Lockwood.   
        Sally was on his mind as a constant reminder of life outside of his little world at the sanatorium. She represented an alternative future. One that would be in the light. She was warm, while the Lockwood was cold. She was love, while the Lockwood was hate. She was peace, while the Lockwood was chaos. She was a hug, while the Lockwood was a trap. It was an obvious choice, but the darkness in Barney wanted what it wanted. Though his mind easily knew the logical path he should take, it could not control his spirit. That spirit wanted out of the confines of his mortal being. It was a prisoner of his human needs, and it felt stifled by his living existence. 
The urges that his mind was enslaved to were dark and inhuman. Brought on by a childhood disrupted by pain and suffering, and then emotional abandonment, his inner self needed release. Thinking about his inner conflicts was depressing and driving him more and more into a confused personal hell. It was swirling around and around until he felt he was on a merry-go-round and grabbing for brass rings. Each ring was different. One was Sally, the other the Lockwood. Both were just out of his grasp. Around and around like a cyclone, the voices and faces of the Lockwood intermingled with the thoughts of Sally. The mental storm had become unbearable.  
“Stop! I can’t take this anymore. No wonder I lose time here. It must be my way of escaping the noise and chaos. I need peace for just a while, I can’t think anymore. Leave me alone for one night, leave me alone.”
Barney was tired. He took his plates to the sink and walked into his living room. Distraction was his only course of action. He turned on his television, hoping he could get interested enough to keep his mind occupied. It was a strategy he had little faith in. There was no likelihood of finding anything that could compete with the draw of the Lockwood or his feelings for Sally. Though destined for failure, he was hoping to at least watch himself to sleep. As tired as he was, there was perhaps a chance of that. 
He looked at the clock; it was nearing 8:00 pm. He thought for a moment about how it had gotten that late. It had just been late afternoon when he came back to his apartment. There were nearly three hours that he was uncertain about experiencing. The loss of time was happening more frequently. It was starting to feel as though he was living two lives, neither of which was aware of the other. He could not focus on that right now; he needed to get some sleep. 


*****
                                                                                                                                        
  Deputy Sally Thomas had driven to the Brendon estate. Stopping at the gate, she surveyed the property. There was a winding path to the house, with decorative streetlights illuminating the driveway. The light cast by them lit up the landscape to either side. She noticed the tree that had burn marks and large gouges. It seemed so out of place among the carefully manicured evergreens and the professionally landscaped yard. She wondered if that was where Blanchard had seen the lights early in the morning. 
The home had exterior lighting that showed it off. It was large with a modern, angular design. From where it sat on the hill, the large windows must have afforded views of the countryside nearly ten miles away. The wood and stone exterior of the home wrapped around the front door, forming a small courtyard. There were a few lights on in the house.
The deputy pulled through the gate and drove up to the house. Circling near the front door. She exited the car and waited a moment to see if someone would step out to greet her. The whole place, though beautiful, had a stark coldness about it. It seemed frozen, as if for a photograph for some architectural magazine. Not really a home, more like a monument to something.
Sally walked through the courtyard to the front door and rang the doorbell. There was no answer. She walked around the house looking for signs of life. When she saw the garage area on the side of the home, she looked in the window to see if there were any cars inside. There were several in the garage, but there was an obvious open spot inside the first garage door. That could be where Dorian parked. She needed to know what Dorian drove. She could look up the license plate numbers, but she anticipated the Brendon’s owned multiple vehicles, and determining which one Dorian drove might be difficult.
She returned to her vehicle and ran a license plate lookup for the household. She found seven vehicles. Through a process of elimination, she narrowed it down to either a BMW 228i or a Toyota GR86. Neither of those vehicles was in the garage. Sally wanted to do further searching on the property, but that would be stepping over the line of legal searches. She would need a court order to enter the garage or the house. If there was no success, she could request a wellness check, based on Dorian and the others having gone missing. For now, she needed to alert dispatch of the cars and license plates that they needed to be looking for.
“Dispatch, Thomas here.”
“Go for Dispatch.”
“I have two vehicles I need found as part of the missing Osborn kid case. I will text the license numbers and the makes and models. One of them should lead us to Dorian Brendon. He is being sought as a person of interest for the Osborn kids. He is either with them or may know of their whereabouts.”
“Got the numbers. You want these out to all units?”
“That is correct.”
“Okay, Sally, is there anything else you need?”
“No, I’ll be coming in after one more stop. I am going to be requesting a judge's permission to enter the Brendon home. There is a chance the kids are in there.” 
“Are you saying they could be harmed and trapped in there?”
“No, well …  I don’t know. At this point, we need to find those cars. It looks like Dorian Bendon drove out of the garage at his house. That means the car is out there somewhere. I need it on the BOLO (Be On the Lookout) list. I think they could be running.”
“Okay, I’ll get it moved out to the BOLO. That will kick in the ALPRs. We should get some kind of tracking from the Automatic License Plate Readers before morning. If that car moves anywhere near the interstate or in the city, we will see it.”
“Good, as I said, I have one other stop before I come in. I should be returning in the next ninety minutes.”
“I’ll mark your log.”
“Thanks, Out.”
“Okay, End.”
Sally looked at the time; it was 8:00 pm. That shouldn’t be too late to stop by the Lockwood and speak with Barney. She needed to see his face. She pulled onto the road and drove the ten miles to the sanatorium, thinking about what she was going to tell him. She was determined to lay the cards on the table. She had spent the last thirty years wanting to share with him how she felt. The opportunities had come and gone, and she had remained silent. Even in the most recent situation, she had only mustered the courage to say she CARED about him. She emphasized the word, but that was a weak substitute for saying what she needed to say. She loved the man and needed to use those words.
Why would he leave his job for someone who just cared for him? That was no commitment. She needed to make it crystal clear. 
Crystal, why did she have to use that word? It made her think about what she should be working on. Here she was spending time on her personal life and feelings, when there could be a young girl somewhere, wondering why no one is helping her. 
The gate for the Lockwood was just about a quarter of a mile away, but she could not continue. There were kids who needed her to do her job. She needed to wait until she had completed her responsibility to them. She turned around and drove down the road away from the Lockwood. 
“I feel so confused. Am I driving away because I need to do my job? Or am I running away because I have trouble facing my fear of exposing my feelings? I really don’t know. It’s ridiculous that I can’t just let myself be real around the people who are important to me. I can’t fix that right now. I can do my job. I will head back to the office and start the paperwork for a warrant to search the Brendon home. And I need to stop talking to myself.”
Sally was feeling tormented by her own introversion when it came to her feelings. She felt trapped by her inability to share herself. That was what had driven her loneliness for the majority of her life. 
        The drive took half an hour. She pulled into the parking lot of the Sheriff’s department and sat in her car for a few moments. She was trying to gather her thoughts and put them in the right perspective. Eventually, she felt in control enough to enter the building. As she walked into the office, she saw Deputy Fred Wareing. Fred had been with the department for nearly thirty years. When you were struggling with a case and needed advice, he was the go-to guy on the force. He had been through just about every kind of situation imaginable. 
        “Hey, Fred. Do you have a few minutes?”
        “Hi, Sally, for you, I have all the time in the world. What do you need?”
        “I have a difficult case I’m working on.”
        “I heard about the missing kids. The Osborns are well known.”
        “I assumed they had some influence. I interviewed the dad. The main thing I came away with was that they had money and didn’t pay much attention to their kids.”
        “That is not surprising. They are too busy attending social functions all over town.”
        “Okay, so I am in the weeds on this one. I’m dealing with kids messing with the occult, and I’m concerned about someone out there who is mutilating animals. I’m worried they could have taken the next step. Or these kids could have just taken off on their own. They have plenty of cash to do so. The point is, I don’t have anything solid to work with or start from.”
        “I see your issue. The best advice I can give for that kind of situation is to just trust the process. Follow every lead and look for details. Have you spoken with their friends?”
        “Yes, that was where I learned that Crystal Osborn’s boyfriend, Dorian Brendon, is into the occult. Not just a little either. The kid wants to try to summon a demon.”
        “That should be a big red flag. Have you spoken with him yet?”
        “No, he did not answer the door at his home. It looked like he was gone from the vacant spot in the garage. We have a BOLO out on two vehicles. I think one of them has to be his.”
        “That’s good. Have you looked into his bank account? That would tell you if he has pulled any large sum of money.”
“I have started the paperwork for that kind of search. I intend to do a thorough search of the Brendon home.”
“That is important. If the kid is into the occult, is it possible he is behind the animal mutilations?”
“I’m thinking it is very possible that they are involved in them. What little knowledge I have of such things, animal sacrifice is an important element, particularly for rituals.”
“Kids, the crap they get themselves into is pretty wild. What are they thinking?”
“I don’t believe they are thinking. They are reacting to the lack of parental care. These kids are paid off to stay out of their parents' way. What I learned from my interview with Osborn was that he had no idea what his kids were doing or where they might be.”
“So, you have to search wherever they were playing their occult games.”
“I think that is the Brendon home.”
“Now, you are walking on some pretty tender ground. The Brendons own half the politicians in the area. You make a false move out there, and we have major issues.”
“Yeah, I figured that out. That is what’s holding up my investigation. I need to exhaust my efforts to find Dorian and his vehicle before I request the search. Since I’m investigating the possible harm to underage individuals, I believe I will get the warrant quickly.” 
“I think you are doing everything right, kiddo. I think you have to let the BOLO efforts run their course through tomorrow.”
“In the meantime, I have Dober Grumby.”
“Is that guy still around? I would have thought he’d have died by now. What does he have to do with this?”
“I think he also could be the animal mutilator. He ran me off his place when I tried to just stop and ask a few questions.”
“Do you have anything to take to a judge to justify a warrant?”
“Not really, it’s just a gut feeling. I am worried if he is the guy; he lives close to where these kids were going to do their silly ritual, out at the Lockwood. He could be holding them or worse in that creepy cabin of his.”
“You need something to give the judge cause. No judge is going to go on your gut feeling.”
“I know, that’s what grinds me about him running me off. If I could have gotten a few questions with him, I think I could find something.”
“You need to find another way. Does the guy have any friends?”
Sally thought about Barney; she didn’t want to pull his name into the discussion. 
“I don’t think he has many of those in his life at this stage.”
“No, I don’t suppose he would.”
“Thanks for spending the time to talk. I needed that, just to help organize my thoughts.”
        “No problem, I may ask you to do the same for me sometime. You got a good mind for this stuff. I’ve been impressed with your work since you joined us. I wasn’t sure a city cop would fit in with us country folk.”
Fred was smiling as he gave Sally both praise and some good-natured ribbing.
“Well, some of you country folk are pretty savvy about how things work around here. I try to learn from the best.”
Sally returned the collegial smile and the two parted, going their separate ways. It was going on 10:00 pm. Sally was dead in the water until she had a hit on the BOLO list with either of the cars she was looking for. She decided to do her paperwork and head home to get a couple of hours of sleep.
While she was writing up her shift notes, Deputy Larry Suttle handed her a BOLO report. The BMW was found at the Chippewa Valley Regional Airport.
“Do we know who drove the car out there?”
“No, the license plate was picked up by the security guards and called in.”
“Okay, I guess I need to head out there.”
“Tonight?”
“Yeah, I don’t want to wait until morning. There are kids' lives at stake here.”
Sally wrapped up her paperwork and headed to her vehicle. It took twenty minutes to get to the airport, which was three miles outside of the city. Once there, she started looking for the car in question. She found it parked near a private hangar. Inside the hangar, two gentlemen were working on a small jet.
“Excuse me, I’m Deputy Thomas with the County Sheriff’s Office. Could either of you tell me who drove the BMW here?”
A man she presumed was an aircraft mechanic looked up from his work. His hands were those of a person immersed in oil and grease. His coveralls were stained, and he had that skin tone that only comes from years of smoking, proximity to oil, and weathering from the elements outdoors.              
“The one just outside?”
“Yes, just around the side of the building.”
“That belongs to Buck Brendon.”
“Do you know if he drove it here?”
“I guess so. I didn’t see him personally park it there, but his wife and him dropped it off when they took their jet out of here a few days ago.”
“You are sure it was left here on that day?”
“Yeah, pretty sure.”
“Okay, thanks for your help.”
Sally walked out a little disappointed that the lead was a dead end. It did, however, tell her they were looking for the Toyota. That was a little progress. Sally called in to dispatch to remove the BMW from the BOLO list. She then drove back, switched to her personal vehicle, and went home for the night.
At home, the events of the day hit her hard. She had been going for nearly eighteen hours. She removed the belt and shirt, ballistic vest, and trousers and fell into bed. Exhaustion brought sleep quickly. It was not a restful slumber as dreams of teens being mutilated filled the night hours. The face of the aggressor was never clear. It would appear blurred or covered. She woke up several times, sweating with tears in her eyes. As the night wore on, the image of the teens stumbling blindly, grasping at their faces, pain-sticken from having their eyes burned out of their sockets, became more and more vivid.
Her gut kept telling her that Dober was the culprit. By 4:00 am, she was wide awake, and her mind was searching for a reasonable cause to give the judge for searching Dober’s cabin. She had to be missing something; the guy couldn’t be that good as to hide everything he had done.
Sally rose from bed and went to her kitchen to make coffee. As she sat at her table, she ran the facts of the missing kids through her mind one more time. The timeline was important. Crystal went missing on the day she tried to talk to Dober. Was it possible he had her in that cabin? Maybe that was why he wouldn’t answer questions and wouldn’t even come out of the place? If he was responsible for the raccoon mutilation, was he now using human subjects for his torture? 
The mere thought of it was driving the deputy crazy. She had to take a look inside that cabin, search warrant or not. Kids' lives were at stake. She couldn’t be burdened with the proprieties of the law. She had joined law enforcement to protect the citizens she served. That was more important than crossing all the t’s or dotting the right i’s. She was making herself angry. She couldn’t sit by and let harm come to the kids.
She stood up and started getting ready for the day. In the shower, the water seemed to cool her temper. She admonished herself for being ready to go off half-cocked. She would do a wellness check on Dober. If she happened to get plain view evidence for looking more deeply while on his property, she would go ahead and do that. If he acted aggressively, she could then act further. It wasn’t exactly by the book, but it offered a plausible rationale.
It took her about an hour to get out of her apartment and another half hour to get to the office. She met Fred when she arrived.
“Well, good morning, Sunshine. You are here early. I heard there was a call late last night. I thought you might call in for the morning off to catch up on rest. You’ve been going nonstop for a couple of days.”
“It’s these kids, Fred. I can’t rest until I know they are okay.”
“That is great intentions, Sally, but you can’t do anyone any good if your reasoning is dulled by lack of rest.”
“I know, I got a good three hours in last night.”
Fred smiled. He knew she was probably exaggerating even at three hours. 
“All I’m saying is you have to take care of yourself, or you can’t take care of anyone else. Also, when you are tired and frustrated, you make bad decisions about sticking to the law. I know, I’ve been there.” 
“Fred, you have a knack for saying the right thing when it’s needed, don’t you?”
“I try, Kiddo.”
When she got to her desk, there was a note from Deputy Suttle. A car matching the description of the Toyota GR86 she’d placed on the BOLO list had been located, apparently abandoned, on the east side of Eau Claire. The license plates were removed. She found that suspicious. Who would do that? Why would they do that? She pulled the VIN for the Toyota and grabbed the keys for her patrol vehicle. If this was the car she was looking for, she wanted to see it in person. Sally needed to get the forensic work going as soon as possible.


*****


        Don Musgrave was filming his partners in investigation, Spooky Boy Boo and Mary the Medium, as they approached the Lockwood.
        “Oh my god, look at the size of this place.”
        “Look at that place, it goes on forever. Are there three of those long wings? And it looks like three floors. Do we have access to the whole thing?”
        “Yes, we do. Once we get set up, we will go through the history of the place, Mary. I think we have a gem here. There hasn’t been anyone in here doing a full investigation since the Central States Paranormal Group did their initial intro video. It’s been amateur groups since then. We have an opportunity to do something really big here. I have a surprise in store for the two of you that we haven’t talked about.”
        “Oh no, not one of your surprises. We both know how those end up for us. One of us is going to be doing something we do not want to do, probably alone.”
        Musgrave smiled at the camera. 
        “I think our followers will be happy. I ran a poll online to see which one of us would have the opportunity I will be sharing later.”
        “Were you in the poll or just Mary and me?”
        “What makes you think I wasn’t an option?”
        “Were you?”
        “Okay, no, I wasn’t, but someone had to run the poll.”
        Of course, most of what they were going to film was discussed ahead of time, and they liked to set up the kind of banter that their followers had grown to expect. Once the cameras were off, they were all business.
        “Boo, I need you to get the drone shots. Take it down to the gate and bring it up over the building from the left. Then circle it around and bring it back across from the back.”
        “Sounds good.”
        “Mary, you and I will start setting up our control center inside. Nick, you need to get the power set up for the RV.”
        Musgrave stepped out of the RV and saw Barney walking toward him. 
        “Hello, I’m Barney Doyle. You must be the Paranormal Posse.”
        “Hi, Barney, I’m Don Musgrave, this is Mary the Medium, and this guy is Spooky Boy Boo. This guy is our RV driver and all-around support dude, Nick. ”
        “It is a pleasure, everyone. I believe I have the Lockwood ready for you. The electrical line is set up right over there by the front door. It will work a little better if you can position the RV parallel to the front steps. I can walk you in and show you the space you may want to use for your control room.”
        “Nick, go ahead and move the RV for the electrical. Boo, take the drone and get those shots. Okay, Barney, Mary, and I will follow you. I’ll be filming as we walk. We may use some of the footage in our opening montage. You don’t mind being in our video, do you?”
        “I’m sure you can find more interesting sights than me, but I am fine with you recording me. We will be going in the front door. The Lockwood has been my home for the past two years.”
        “So you are out here all the time?”
        “That’s right. I’m kind of a caretaker and security guard for the place.”
        “I bet you have seen a lot of things out here.”
        Barney looked at Musgrave. His words seared into him as his loyalty to the spirits of the Lockwood felt challenged by the statement. He was tongue-tied on his answer as he tried to shield what he had begun to think of as his community.
        “I … I can’t really say I … I’d rather you discover what is here for yourselves.”
        “That is an interesting answer. You sound like a man who doesn’t want to believe in the paranormal.”
        “Some may think that.”
        Barney was trying to change the subject.
        “What time are you planning to begin your actual investigation?”
        “We like to wait for the dark. Beforehand, we like to tour all of the spots we intend to cover. That gives us a better handle on where to record and when. We have several elements we record before we really get going.”
        “Well, here is the space I thought would work for your control room.”
        “Yes, this is good. Is there a lock on the door?”
        “I can rig one up for you. Why do you need a lock?”
        “We have just started to do that because we have had people sneak in during our investigations. We don’t need to lose any of our equipment.”
        “I think you will be pretty secure out here. However, I will get the lock on the door for you.”
        Barney walked out to get a lock and the tools to install it.
        “That guy isn’t telling us something.”
        “What do you mean, Don?”
        “I think he has had a major experience here. I would like to record him telling about it.”
        “He didn’t seem to want to talk.”
        “I know, but there is something that went down here that we need to try and replicate. I need to know what that is.”
        “You’re going to have to push him to get it.”
        “You know I can push.”
        Barney walked back in with his toolbox and a strap lock. He got right to work drilling some pilot holes for the screws he would be using to hold the strap in place. As he worked, Musgrave moved closer.
        “Hey, listen, I sense that you have had some real experiences here. It would help us out immensely if you could share some of them. We are going to be promoting this video, and it will mean a lot to the future of the Lockwood. I think Patty will be very happy if we get a good investigation here.”
        Barney knew what Dan was saying. He was prying into the darkness of which Barney was well aware. It angered him that this interloper was pressuring him to expose the very soul of his haven. The Lockwood had embraced him, made him privy to the existence of its eternal inhabitants. It offered its welcoming, open arms to him. Urging him with its siren call to stay and be one of them. 
How dare this internet sideshow barker ask him to lay bare the secrets he felt charged to protect? He had told Patty he would stay and take care of getting these people set up to do their investigation. He had not committed to betraying the confidence of his adopted family. 
“I would love to help you out, but I’m not a ghost hunter. I’m simply a man doing his job here. As far as I’m concerned, there are natural explanations for everything I’ve seen or heard. I’m not one to assume a bump in the night is evidence of spectral inhabitants.”
Don looked at him and could tell Barney was being stubborn and was not going to give up his information easily. He chose not to interview him for the video. They would have to find someone from the local area who was willing to tell chilling stories of fearing to enter the building. Musgrave liked to have some kind of buildup in the introduction of his videos to get the followers on edge. That made anything they found seem more haunting. He knew viewership was based on how creepy and scary he could make the place. Many of his followers were people who wanted to say, “I would never do that.”  The rest wanted him to find new places that could one day investigate themselves, or at least wish they could.
“Okay, I understand you are not one to tell your secrets. We aren’t going to disturb the souls here. We are very respectful. I don’t like the guys who try to provoke spirits or the ones who decide everything they experience is due to a demon. So if you change your mind, just let me know.”
Barney just shook his head and finished putting the lock in place.
“Is there anything else you will be needing? The sun should be going down at 5:30 pm. That is in about an hour. I will be making the rounds of the building right now to make sure no one has snuck in. We do get looky-loos now and then.”
“I hope our visit here has not been communicated to the surrounding community. That could cause all kinds of issues with fans trying to get a look at what we do, or worse, trying to join in uninvited.”
“No, we don’t tell anyone about who is out here doing investigations or when they are here. Your presence has not been announced anywhere.”
“That’s good. Okay, I’ll let you go ahead and check the place, and then we will start our tour before it gets dark.”
“Alright.”
Barney started to walk up the stairs. He liked to work top to bottom; it felt like he could rule out anyone being in the building without the thought of them entering behind him. As he walked, he thought about his future. What if this investigation received so much attention that the Lockwood became a prime destination for ghost hunters? That could be devastating to the inhabitants of his precious building. While the spirits needed energy from which they could refuel their life force, too much of that energy could warp their manifestations. Too many people wishing to find ghosts could actually create thought forms or egregores. Ghosts willed into being, having never been in human form.
The more he thought of large numbers of people invading his own fortress of solitude, the angrier he got.
“Can I stand by and let this happen? I am supposed to be leaving this job. I have already told Patty I was going. Now, I am not so sure. If I leave, who will stop people from exploiting the spirits of the building? I’m not sure what I can do.”
“About what?”
Barney was startled when a male voice responded to him. 
“Who’s there?”
“Sorry, it’s me, Boo. Did I hear you correctly?”
        “What do you mean?”
“About  … what? You said you didn’t know what you could do. I’m asking about what?”
“Oh, nothing important, just wondering if I should clear some of the debris that fell overnight. I had the place cleared out, but stuff falls all the time.”
Barney was concerned this guy had heard more than he was saying he had. He quickly moved on.
“I'd better finish up my walk-through and get out of your way.”
Boo watched as Barney hurried away. And pulled out his walkie-talkie.
“Bob, are you there?”
“Yeah, this is Bob.”
‘I just found that caretaker guy standing here on the second floor talking to himself. What do you know about the guy?”
“I think he is okay. He may be a little off, but Patty seemed to think he was a good guy.”
“Okay, I think I heard him talking about being worried about how much people were going to be exploiting the spirits of the building. I’m a little concerned the guy is thinking he has to protect the place.”
“He could just be worried about how busy he is going to be if our video goes viral. Let’s just get our stuff all set and meet at the command center. We only have a few more minutes of daylight.”
“Yeah, this place doesn’t have a lot of natural light opportunities. It’s pretty dark up here already. I’ll meet you at the home base.”
Spooky Boy Boo finished his tasks and headed to the room they had set up as their home base, or command center. 


*****


Four Hours Earlier


Deputy Thomas arrived at the location of the Toyota that was spotted on the BOLO list. The vehicle was behind a self-storage unit on Malden Avenue. There was something suspicious about the car. The license plates had been removed, the doors were unlocked, and there was nothing in the vehicle. It was as though anything that could identify the owner had been stripped of it. Even the VIN had been scraped off.  
The car was the correct model and year. It was the right color. They were going to have to check the engine block or the frame. Many people aren’t aware that the VIN is stamped in multiple places. Some are just a little harder to find.
While the VIN was being determined, Sally had called a forensic specialist to do a full examination of the car. That would take a couple of hours. She was very interested if there were any signs of foul play. Had Dorian been kidnapped and driven there by his kidnapper? Had he been lured there somehow and then taken? Did he drive there and remove the identification to assist him in going into hiding? She needed some answers to help her decide her next steps.
No matter which scenario was the case, if they could determine the car was owned by the Brendons, she had a solid reason for searching their estate. It took about four hours to complete the full search of the car. The most disturbing bit of evidence collected was microscopic blood samples found on the floor mat on the driver’s side. They were small enough to have been from an inconsequential injury or the result of an injury that occurred outside of the car and spattered inside. 
Once they found the blood, Sally was ready to take action. She had waited long enough. She suspected that Dober was involved. He had been on her mind for some time. If there was blood in the car, she felt that ruled Dorian out as being the perpetrator. 
The deputy did one last check on the evidence-gathering methods. She did not want there to be any loopholes that allowed the aggressor to walk from justice. So far, they had not found the VIN in the usual alternate locations. Whoever had removed the numbers had been quite thorough. At four in the afternoon, Sally opted to leave the vehicle and head to Dober’s cabin. She was going to do a “Wellness Check”. She knew she was on shaky ground. She didn’t have enough evidence to get a search warrant, but she just couldn’t wait any longer. Her head was filled with concern for the safety of the kids. 
Everything about that car seemed to point to foul play, and there was only one person that was on her list as a possible culprit. She left Malden Avenue and drove the thirty-five minutes to Dober’s cabin. When she was nearing the driveway to Grumby’s, she pulled over to consider her course of action. It was then that she saw Doc Blanchard’s van pass and continue down County Trunk Z. She paused her planning to consider what he was up to this late in the afternoon.
 She parked down the road from Grumby’s and walked toward the cabin through the woods that separated Dober’s land from the Lockwood property. As she neared the building, she slowed her pace, taking care to avoid unnecessary noises. The thought crossed her mind that if she was truly doing a welfare check, why was she sneaking up on the place? 
She was close enough to smell the cabin. It turned her stomach. She covered her nose as the wafting odor overtook her. If murder had a smell, this was surely it. She crept to the window of the cabin. When she looked into the room, she saw a table in the center of the room. Peering through the dirty glass, it looked like the table was stained, but with what? She didn’t see Dober anywhere. 
Continuing the premise that she was on a wellness check, she felt obligated to knock on the door. She adjusted the body armor and unbuckled her sidearm. She wasn’t certain what Dober would do if confronted. She reached her left hand to the door and gave three firm knocks, and announced herself.
“Mr. Grumby, this is Deputy Thomas with the Eau Claire County Sheriff’s Office. I am here to do a wellness check. Please answer the door.”
There was no response. Sally repeated her actions. As she knocked the second time, the door pushed in with a loud creaking sound. She stopped in her tracks. The deputy had to consider the situation carefully. It could be a trap. Dober had threatened her with a shotgun the last time she was there. Had he shot at her then, she could have arrested him for several reasons, particularly reckless endangerment with a gun. If she entered his house without his permission and without a warrant under the Castle Doctrine, he could believe he had the right to use deadly force. That would be inaccurate, but she could still be wounded or worse. Knowing Dober broke the law would be of little consolation if she were his victim. She drew her sidearm and prepared to enter with it positioned straight in front of her.
“Mr. Grumby, this is Deputy Thomas with the Eau Claire County Sheriff’s Office. I am here to do a wellness check. I’m entering the cabin with my weapon drawn. I mean no harm, it is for my own protection. Mr Grumby, are you in there?”
There was still no response. She moved very slowly, opening the door. The squeal of the hinges added to the intensity of the situation. The smell that presented itself as she entered was difficult to handle. She wondered how anyone could live in such conditions. The putrid odor smelled of mustiness, perspiration, rancid food, and rotting flesh. Altogether, it was an unbearable affront to her olfactory senses. 
The cabin was dark as night. The smudged, smoke-stained windows would have offered little opportunity for light any time of day. At dusk, they effectively blocked what little illumination there was available. Fighting through the awful smell, the deputy reached for her flashlight. She held it in front of her alongside her pistol as she walked around the room. 
What she found confirmed many of her thoughts and fears regarding Dober. She found the cages around the room. She lifted one of the straps connected to the legs of the table. There were dark red-tinted stains on the table itself, as well as the floor around it. Knives were stuck in the burnt-out fireplace as if they had been heated before use. This was a torture room; there could be no doubt.
The deputy did not touch anything else in the cabin. She did not want to disturb anything that could be considered evidence. She stepped out of the cabin, still concerned that Dober could be lurking somewhere in the now dark woods surrounding the place. She needed to call this in and get back-up in place, as well as forensic people working on identifying the blood and searching for signs of either of the missing Osborn kids or Dorian Brendon. 
She was regretting leaving her car so far away. She would have to walk through the woods to get to it. She circled the cabin to make sure there wasn’t anyone there to follow her. Satisfied that there was no one, she began her trek through the dense woods. 
“Okay, Sally girl, time to walk through the spooky woods. Maybe I didn’t think this through. This is not a good idea. The shadows seem to be moving all around me. I know it’s just my flashlight casting the shadow, but it’s still no fun.”
 Her feet made crunching sounds as she walked. At times, she could hear a second set of crunching sounds. The sound of a second set of footprints had her nerves on edge. She began to move more swiftly, but the who or whatever was following sped up as well. She was sweating and continuously looking over her shoulder into the darkness behind her. She was nearly at a run when she exited the woods near the road. She spun around and directed the beam of light at the woods. She expected someone or something to burst from the underbrush, but nothing showed itself. She backed across the road to her car. She had never felt more relieved from getting to her vehicle in her life. Inside, she locked the doors. She took a deep breath, still focused on the woods. Was it her imagination, or did she see the branches of a tree move? Her gaze stayed riveted on the woods as she called for backup.
“Thomas to Dispatch.”
“Go for Dispatch.”
“I need backup at the Dober Grumby cabin fire number 2345 County Trunk Z. Possible homicide. I need a forensics team as well. Suspect is at large and should be considered armed and dangerous.” 
“Where are you located?”
“I am in my vehicle parked on County Z near the driveway.”
“Backup on the way, fifteen minutes out. Forensics will arrive in thirty.”
“Got it, we may need to check the woods, contact Douglas for the dogs, have him on stand by.”
“Will do.”
“Okay, Thomas, out.”
“Dispatch, clear.”
Deputy Thomas sat waiting for the backup. Her mind was filled with the terrible images of what must have transpired at that cabin. Guilt began to creep into her thoughts. Had she allowed this to take place? Should she have forced the issue the first time she was at this place? When were those kids taken? She had done her job by the book, but did that cost someone their life? 
Sally had to put those thoughts out of her head. There was nothing she could do about what had already happened. Her guilt would have to wait. The backup would be there soon. The first thing she needed was a plan for how they were going to take control and secure the cabin until forensics arrived. Secondly, they needed to find Dober Grumby before he could do any more harm.
“Dispatch to Thomas.”
“Go for Thomas.”
“Forensics found the VIN on the chassis of the Toyota.”
“Did it match the one from the Brendons?”
“No, it was a car reported stolen from the Twin Cities.”
“What? Damn, we wasted too much time on that one.”
“That is how it goes sometimes.”
“Yeah, but we have lives at stake here. Okay, any word on the backup?”
“Should be arriving about now.”
Sally could hear the cruiser approaching. 
“I see them now, out.”
“Dispatch, clear.”
Sally stepped out of the vehicle and flagged down her fellow deputies. They pulled in behind Thomas’s vehicle.
“It’s good to see you guys. We have a nasty chore tonight, Fred.”
“Larry and I got here as fast as we could. What’s the situation?”
“Dober Grumby is our situation. His cabin is a nightmare. The place is a killing cave. We need to secure it and find Grumby. That freak has done some evil stuff. I never trusted that old piece of …”
“Whoa! Let's get to the plan.”
Sally looked at Fred and realized she was making the case a personal issue.
“Okay, we need to station one of us at the cabin to secure the space. The other two need to search for Grumby.”
“Are we sure the guy is anywhere near here?”
“His vehicle is still parked by the cabin. He has to be on foot. I also believe he was following me when I came back to my car through the woods.”
“Lock the vehicles, we don’t want him trying anything if he gets past us.”
“Good idea, Fred. Larry, I think you should secure the cabin, but all three of us will spread out and walk through the woods on the way to the cabin. This man must be considered armed and dangerous.”
“If we are going through the woods, we need to maintain communication at all times. In this darkness, we will not always be able to see one another. In thirty-second intervals, we need to sound out ‘all clear’. Do you both understand?”
Sally and Larry both nodded. The three deputies spread out along the road parallel to the woods. The February evening temperature was dropping pretty fast. Sally shivered as she stood waiting with her fellow deputies to search the woods. The frigid air was transforming her breath into vapor clouds. That gave her an idea.
“Unless he is holding his breath, we should see the vapor from his breathing. That should give us a little advantage.”
“Right, Sally. Are we ready?”
“Let's go.”
The three deputies entered the woods. Their lights waved from side to side as they worked their way through the underbrush of the forest landscape. The shadows created by the lights caused concern for Sally. It made it difficult to see what was real and what was the trick of light. Each of them stopped now and then to make sure of what they were witnessing. It took them nearly half an hour to get to the cabin. 
“I didn’t see a thing. What about you two?”
“No. Fred, we'd better be careful with the cabin. He could have followed me out earlier and then returned. He could be inside waiting for us to get closer.”
“You’re right, Sally. We should split up. Is there a back door to the place?”
“There is a cellar door on the backside. I don’t know if there is a way from the cellar to the first floor internally. I didn’t see one, but I didn’t want to spend too much time in there, worried he was out here, possibly coming in.”
“I get it. This whole area is pretty creepy.”
“Yeah, Larry, I’m ready for the forensic guys to get here, just to have more people around.”
“Okay, well, we need to do this. I’ll take the front door with you behind me, Fred. Larry, you go around the back and check the cellar. Go carefully with that. I didn’t check it when I was here before.”
“Don’t worry, I’m not taking any chances.”
“Are we all set?”
Fred and Larry shook their heads. 
        “Give me a few seconds to get around back. I want to enter there when you are going in the front.”
        “We’ll give you til the count of ten.”
        “Should work.”
        Larry walked quickly to the rear of the cabin. Sally completed the counting. She stood at the front door and announced her intention to enter. 
        “Mr. Grumby, we are Deputies with the Eau Claire County Sheriff’s Office. We are here to investigate a possible homicide. Make your presence known now!”
        The deputies waited for a response, but none came.
        “We are going in. Mr Grumby, we are entering. Put any weapon on the floor, or we will assume you are resisting!”
        “Ready, Fred? Let’s go!”
        The two deputies entered with their weapons drawn. Each held them out in front with a flashlight in their opposite hand. Once in, they separated and went to opposite sides of the front door. The lights were cast all around the room. It was empty. The place was frigid as there was no fire in the hearth. Deputy Thomas pointed out the table and the straps, as well as the stains on the floor and table.
        “This is what concerned me earlier. Someone or something had been tied to this table, and they were bleeding. That is not a normal situation. The smell of this place is not normal either.”
        Fred walked around, found a lamp, but it did not seem to have any electricity running to it, though it was plugged in. He set his flashlight on a small side table, pointing up so it could cast light around the room.
        “It’s difficult to see anything in this place. It’s a good thing the forensic folks will bring their own light setup. The woods did not tell us much. What is on the other end of it?”
“That connects to the woods that run behind the Lockwood. You can make it from here to the lower level of that place without leaving the woods. I think Grumby walks that way when he helps out over there.”
“He works at the Lockwood?”
        “Yeah, part-time.”
“Doesn’t Barney Doyle live out there?”
“Yes, he does, at least for the time being.”
“What do you mean, for the time being?”
“I’m trying to talk him out of staying there. It doesn’t seem to work with his mental health.”
“Since when have you been so interested in his mental health?”
“Barney and I are long-time friends.”
“Just friends?”
“Okay, sorry I mentioned it. We have more to do here.”
“Do we? I don’t think we have much to do until the forensic guys get here.”
“That is true, but we haven’t heard from Larry. I wonder what he is up to?”
        “I’ll go check on him.”
        Fred grabbed his flashlight.
        “I’ll stay here; the others should be showing up anytime now. I’m anxious for them to start their testing. I want to know if any of this is human blood.”
        “If it’s not, we may be out on a bit of a limb with this investigation.”
        “Limb or not, I think we had to check this out. None of this is normal.”
        It’s not that I disagree; I just know in this day and age, we get sued for overreach easily. I'd better check on Larry. Looks like he got lost.”
        Fred headed out the front door of the cabin. He walked around to the cellar door.
        “Hey, Larry. Did you get stuck down there?”
        There was no response, so Fred opened the door and walked down two of the steps.
        “Larry, are you hard of hearing? What are you doing down here? Larry?
        There was still no answer. Fred drew his sidearm and proceeded down the steps.
        “Larry, if you are playing a prank, I’ll brain you with this pistol.”
        Fred got to the bottom of the steps. The space was very dark. The dirt floor made no sound as he walked. The smell was no better and perhaps worse than the cabin above him. He swung the light from side to side, holding his gun out, prepared to defend himself. He paused as the light fell upon a pile of bones. They were too small to be human, at least an adult human. He moved the light along the floor from the bones to the furthest corner. The light discovered the carcass of a raccoon. It appeared to be frozen there, but the head was misshapen as if it had been smashed with something. There were no eyes. Fred stood looking for a moment, wondering what kind of person does that. He shook off the disgust and continued to search the area.
        “Larry? Where are you? What is going on down here …”
Fred’s words were stopped midword as his light illuminated the crumpled form of his fellow deputy. Larry Suttle was bent over awkwardly at the waist, sort of seated on the dirt floor. As Fred got closer, he knelt beside his friend and could see that his throat was slit and his eyes were gouged. It looked like both wounds had been inflicted with a narrow blade or a scalpel-like edged weapon.
        The deputy stopped himself from touching his brother officer other than to check for a pulse. The sight was very upsetting to Fred. Though he had dealt with deceased individuals before, he had never dealt with a fallen comrade. He was trying to control his breathing, but between the shock of finding his friend and the stench of the place, he was hyperventilating. As he attempted to stand up, out of the corner of his eye, he saw a shadowed figure swiftly move toward him. Before he could react, a heavy, blunt object struck him on the back of his head. He was stunned and fell to the dirt.
        The shadowy figure moved quickly, taking advantage of the larger man’s dazed condition. He pulled out a surgical knife already bloodied from dispatching Suttle and plunged it into Fred’s throat, reducing his scream to a gurgling. The shadow man then used the blade to remove both of the deputy’s eyes, as the man writhed in pain. Fred’s life force ebbed as the blood poured from the wound in his throat and pooled in the gaping holes produced by the extraction of his eyeballs. 
        The assailant stood over the two deputies surveying his handiwork for a moment. The sound of the Forensic Van arriving shook him into action. He ran to the cellar stairs and bounded out of the cellar into the darkness of the woods, disappearing into the night.
        Sally was wondering what the other two deputies were doing. Fred had been gone several minutes when Tom Clark and Steve Trent carried their equipment bags into the cabin.
        “Hi, guys. I’m glad you’re here. This place is no treat to be in alone. The other guys are checking the cellar. I need to know as soon as you can tell me if these stains are human blood.”
        “Okay, deputy, I can run a Hexagon OBTI. It will tell us very quickly, less than five minutes.”
        “Great, while you are doing that, I will go check on the other deputies.”
        Sally left the cabin. She stepped a few feet away to catch a breath of air that was free of the fetid odor in the cabin. Once she felt her lungs were cleared of the stench, she headed for the cellar door.
         “Fred, Larry? Where are you guys? Did you hear the Forensic guys arrive?”
        There was no response from the cellar. Sally looked around the cabin to see if they were outside somewhere. She could not see them in the darkness, but assumed she would see their flashlights if they were out there. She peered into the cellar door and could see a light in the space under the cabin. 
        “Come on, guys, you’re scaring me. What are you doing down there?”
        Sally walked down the steps slowly.
        “Answer me, are you okay? What is going on?”
        The deputy drew her sidearm and prepared for the worst as she continued down the steps. Her feet kicked up a bit of dust when she reached the dirt floor. She stood with her back to the stairs and moved her light around the room. She first saw the small pile of bones. That caused a chill to run up her spine. She feared for what else she would discover. When the light found the two deputies lying in the dirt, she screamed.
        Her voice echoed up to the first floor of the cabin, bringing Tom and Steve running. The Forensic Team was not equipped to deal with dangerous suspects, but they knew they had a deputy who needed assistance. The two of them stepped down the stairs quickly. They found Sally seated on the bottom step.
        “What’s wrong? What happened?”
        Sally could not respond; all she could do was point the flashlight at the corpses of her fellow deputies. Tom moved forward to the bodies.
        “Oh god, oh god. They … they have … Their throats are … and their eyes! Oh god, their eyes!”
        “Are they …?”
        “They’re dead, brutally murdered.”
        “Who did this?”
        “Dober, that bastard. Dober Grumby did this! I’m positive of it now.”
        “Did you see this?”
        “What are you talking about?”
        “I think Fred was trying to write something in the dirt.”
        Sally did not want to get near her friends in their current condition, but if Fred was trying to tell her something, she had to look. She walked over slowly, trying desperately not to look at his face. Tears blurred her vision. She wiped at her cheeks and looked down at the dirt under Fred’s left hand. It looked like letters. She showed her flashlight directly on the spot, attempting to see what he had done. 
        “Does that look like a D to you?”
        “Yeah, and I think an O.
“D, O? He must have been trying to write Dober. Now we are certain of the murderer. I need to call this in right now.”
        “We’ll take care of … this.”
        Sally nodded. Tears filled her eyes as she walked up the cellar stairs. How could this have gone so horribly wrong? She went to the van while Tom and Steve tended to their fallen brothers in law enforcement.
        “Dispatch, this is Thomas. Officers down, Officers down! I need everyone.”
        “Dispatch to Thomas, I can have three cars en route in minutes. What is the situation?
“Deputies Suttle and Wareing are down. They were murdered by Dober Grumby.”
“Do we have an eyewitness?”
“Sort of, they were attacked in the cellar of the Grumby cabin. I’m sure it was him. Fred wrote D O in the dirt. I’m certain he was telling us it was Dober. We were investigating the cabin when they went … they went …”
The deputy was having difficulty holding it together as she spoke. She had just seen two of her friends and colleagues with terrible injuries bleeding out on the dirt floor of a maniac’s cabin.
“Just send everyone! Is the Sheriff back from his conference?”
“No, he won’t be back for two more days; however, if he has just lost two deputies, I’m sure he will be heading back in the morning.”
“I need people here now! The killer is still on the loose. Now I’m certain he had something to do with the disappearance of the kids. I’m heading over to the Brendon Estate. I need to check whether those kids are in there. As god is my witness, if that bastard has harmed them … ”
“Sally, you should not leave there. Don’t go off half-cocked.”
“That was Fred’s advice. You can see what that did for him. I’m headed there.”
“At least wait until the other deputies get there. The Forensic Team should not be left without a deputy for security.”
Sally thought about the fact that two well-seasoned officers had succumbed to the killer and realized the dispatcher was right; she could not leave them at his mercy while she ran off to the Brendons. She told dispatch she would wait. 
“Good, stay on the line until they get there.”
“Yeah, okay.”
Sally was angry, frustrated, and filled with guilt. She had suspected this guy from the beginning. If she had taken him into custody when she wanted to. She could have saved her friends and maybe the kids. Tears started to form in her eyes. She wiped them, as her anger forged into a steel commitment to herself to get this guy.
“Tom, I’m staying as your security until the others get here.”
“Who is coming?”
“I asked for everyone. When they arrive, I need to go check the Brendon Estate. I fear the missing kids are there. With luck, they are just trapped; otherwise, there may be more work for you there, when you finish here.”
“Okay, by the way, not that it really matters right now, but the blood tested as animal.”
“So there wasn’t a person tied to that table, and they were bleeding?”
“That would be my analysis.”
“Well, there may still be a chance the kids are still okay. Even though that doesn’t fit the scenario. This guy is a real scary piece of work.”
“I thought Dober was just a weird little idiot.”
“That was what he wanted everyone to think. He was, or is actually, nearly a genius.”
“Dober?”
“Yes, Dober.”
“Wow, I would have never guessed.”
“The guy was playing us all as fools.”
“I hear the sirens.”
“Yeah, so do I. You two stay together. With all those sirens going, I think you’ll be safe until they get up here. I’m heading to the Brendons.”
“Is that a good idea with the killer still roaming around?”
“That is exactly why I need to get over there.”
Within moments, the Grumby cabin had a half dozen officers all over it.
Sally nearly ran to her car out on the road. It took her about ten minutes to get there. She jumped in and spun out on the gravel shoulder of the road. She wasted no time in getting to the maximum speed country roads can handle. She was sweating even though the temperature was nearing zero. She sped through the multiple turns on the way to the Brendons. She almost lost control at the driveway. She sped up the lane to the house, still lit up as though waiting for some cocktail party held by the wealthy couple. Sally slammed on her brakes when she reached the point near the front door. She hopped out with her weapon drawn and headed for the door. She knocked and announced herself.
“This is Deputy Thomas with the Eau Claire County Sheriff’s Office. Open the door.”
She repeated the statement one more time.
“This is Deputy Thomas with the Eau Claire County Sheriff’s Office. Open the door, or I am coming in!”
There was no response. She assumed there was an alarm on the door. That should alert the security company, and they would call the Sheriff’s Department. Sally kicked the door, and to her surprise, it flew open. It appeared the deadbolt was not set, and the alarm was not activated. Neither of those things was a good sign to the deputy.
“Dorian Brendon, are you in here? Crystal Osborn, Ben Osborn, are you here?”
Sally yelled the names several more times as she made her way around the home. There were no signs of struggle, and no one was in any of the rooms on the first floor. She started up the staircase, yelling for the kids she was hoping to find alive and well. On the second floor, she went from room to room. At the top of the stairs was a large suite with a king-sized bed, a sitting area, two walk-in closets, one for Mrs Brendon and one for Mr. Brendon, apparently. There was also a huge bathroom with a large tub in the middle and a shower area behind it that could have handled a full basketball team.
The deputy moved on to the room at the left end of the hall. The decor suggested she had found Dorian’s room. It was painted black, it had several posters of demonic symbols on the wall. The computer system was all top-end and set up for gaming. There were no signs of struggle or foul play. Sally stood, wondering what to think. She looked out the window at the outbuildings she had seen the first time she was there. From that vantage point, she saw something that struck her as odd. There appeared to be a log cabin behind the large garage she had looked at the last time.
She completed her search of the home and was standing in the large foyer when her radio startled her.
“Dispatch for Deputy Thomas.”
Sally had to steady herself before responding. Being in the large house alone with a killer on the loose was disconcerting enough. Being surprised by the radio going off while she was concentrating took things to the next level.
“Dispatch for Depuy Thomas.”
“Yes, Thomas, here.”
“Deputy, where are you?””
“I’m at the Brendon house. When we ran into trouble at Grumby’s, I had to check to make sure the kids had not been taken from here.”
“Are you in the house?”
“Yes, I am. I know I have no search warrant, but I believed they were in imminent danger. I acted upon the suspicion that Dober Grumby had done something to the missing kids. This house was the logical location where he would have taken them.”
“You may have trouble selling that to the Brendons.”
“If they can’t accept that I did it based on my concern for their child’s welfare, then I will take the consequences.”
“I’ve spoken with the sheriff; he is on his way back and should be here in the morning. Due to the events at Grumby’s, he feels you should have a counseling session before completing any further investigations. You’ve been through a lot today.”
“Did he specifically order me off the investigation?”
“Ahh … no, he did not give any specific orders, just that you should get the counseling session done before any further work.” 
“That sounds like before I come back to work, I have to do it. I haven’t left work yet, so until I go home, I figure I’m in a grey area.”
“Not sure that is going to hold any water tomorrow, but I’m not in charge, I just communicate what I’m told. Are you going to be at that house for a while?”
“I have some outbuildings to check, and I’ll be asking the forensic people to do a once-over to check for any signs of foul play or struggles. There is an issue with a tree here that has me concerned. It looks like it was hit and maybe caught on fire. It’s right off the driveway. I will want that checked as well.”
“Are you telling the forensic guys, or do you need it relayed to them?”
“I’ll take care of it.”
Sally continued, “What we do need is an all points bulletin put out for Dober Grumby. He is wanted in conjunction with the murders of deputies Suttle and Wareing. He is also wanted as a person of interest in the abduction of Crystal and Ben Osborn.”
“We have that out already. The deputies that showed up at Grumby’s cabin as you left it called that in.”
“Good.”
“Do you need backup at the Brendons?”
“I’m good for now. I’ll be calling for forensics soon.”
“Okay, I think you are risking your future by staying in the field, but more power to you, Sally. Dispatch, out.”
“Thomas, clear.”
Sally knew the dispatch was right; she was risking her career by entering the Brendons’ house without permission or a warrant, by not heading home until she talked with a counselor, and probably in several other ways based on the mistakes she had made in the investigation. 
If this was the end of her career, she wasn’t going out quietly. She had to get this guy, and nothing was going to stop her. 
________________
Chapter 7 


It was 10:00 pm, and Dorian Brendon was standing in the woods behind the Lockwood. He was thinking of what had transpired earlier in the day. He had called Dan Zinkie several times, but there was never an answer. He started to think Dan was avoiding his calls, so he drove to Dan’s house on Vine Street in Eau Claire. Dan’s car was parked in the driveway, so he went to the door and knocked. Dan answered after the second try.
“Oh, it’s you.”
“Yeah, it’s me. Why aren’t you answering my calls?”
“Listen, Bobbie and me ended up talking to the cops for over an hour yesterday. I don’t want no more trouble.”
“The cops? What did they want?”
“They wanted to know where Crystal and Ben went.”
“Well, what did you tell them?”
“I told them the truth, I didn’t want any more trouble.”
“What do you mean, ‘the truth’?”
Dorian remembered how agitated he had gotten. He didn’t like Dan’s attitude. He was not in the mood for some whiny fool to get in the way of his plans. When Dan didn’t reply quickly enough, he recalled asking more forcefully.
“I said, ‘What do you mean, ‘the truth’?’”
“Hey, don’t get all tough guy with me. I told them I hadn’t seen Crystal since the other night at your place, and the last time I saw Ben, you were sending him away from our practice meeting.”
“Did you tell them what we were doing?”
“They asked, and Bobbie and me told them all about it.”
“Do they know when we are doing the ritual?”
“First off, WE are not doing the ritual. I’m not wearing some old horror movie outfit and standing on that crazy house out at the Lockwood for anybody. I’m out, done with this crap. So’s Bobbie. I’ve gotten in enough trouble with you over the years! Anyway, we didn’t say when your little playtime on the Lockwood was happening.”
Dorian recalled how enraged he had become with Dan. Even now, as he thought about it he could feel his face heating up. That was when he placed his hand in his pocket and felt for the knife. His only thought at that moment was ending Dan Zinkie’s existence. He would have done it had Dan’s mom not pulled up at the moment he was about to strike. She exited her car and walked toward them. He remembered how awkward the episode was. 
“Dorian? It’s good to see you. You haven’t been over much lately. I bought some cookies at the store. Would you like to come in and have one?”
The opportunity to exact his revenge on Dan had been lost at that point, so he chose to just leave, but not before warning Dan.
“No thanks, Mrs. Zinkie. I have to go. I just needed to tell Dan about some stuff from school.”
“Oh, that’s too bad. I hope you stop by again soon.”
“Thanks”
Dan’s mom walked into the house. Once she was out of earshot, He remembered how he leaned toward Dan and told him to keep his mouth shut.
        “You’re pretty lucky your mom came home. If I even think you might have told someone when and exactly where the ritual is taking place, you won’t see another day! Do you understand me?”
“I understand you'd better get out of here. You should not ever come back here.”
He drove away after their confrontation, but the result of it was the fact that he was standing there alone in the woods behind the Lockwood. So much had happened that he could not explain. He had come this far, and there was no turning back. He had committed himself to this path. If all went according to plan, he would be the right hand of Balsadore by the time this night was through. Then none of what he had done would matter; he would be under the protection of his lord Balsadore.
As the thought of his ascension came to him, a strange smile filled his face. Nothing he had done would matter. He would have the freedom to play out all of his desires, and no human could stop him. He would act as Balsadore’s hand on Earth as he himself would transform into the demon’s form on Earth. It would be glorious. He would take his revenge on his parents for their abandonment, on his teachers for their lack of vision, by not seeing his potential, and on Dan and Bobbie for being false friends. His rebirth in the image of Balsadore was going to be perfect, absolutely perfect.
The woods behind the Lockwood were especially dark on the moonless night. The snow was deep in some places where the wind had pushed it into drifts around the trees. Between the drifts and the underbrush, it was hard walking. Dorian’s determination allowed him to ignore how cold his feet were becoming as they trod through the frost obstacles. He had worn the robe with the hood up. Unfortunately, though the fabric felt heavy, it offered little in the way of a windbreak. Air moved through the loose weave of the garment, sending shivers throughout the young man’s body. Now and then, the fabric of the robe would snag on low branches or the spiny bushes. He tore the garment at one point, which elicited several curse words from him.
The woods had grown right up to the walls of the sanatorium, so Dorian was not concerned with someone seeing him approach the place. At length, he found himself on the back side of the east wing. He had told Ben to prepare a means for them to climb to the roof from the exterior. It appeared that it had been a good plan as he saw the doors of the place all seemed to be chained and locked. That was a new development since the last time he and his “friends” had been there. The thought of the group of traitors he once considered his friends made him angry. They would all pay the way Crystal had. He envisioned them all being destroyed in flames. 
He had no time to think of that now; he needed to find the place Ben had provided for him to get to the roof. He began walking along the walls of the back of the Lockwood. It was slow going as the snow was deeper near the wall, where the wind had blown it into drifts nearly as high as his waist. He struggled as he worked his way around the building. Eventually, he found the spot where Ben had attempted to get the metal ladder positioned correctly on the wall. He had failed to get it high enough to reach the fire escape still mounted there. Dorian looked at the situation and could tell that he could walk the ladder up the wall by getting underneath it. 
The young man crawled under the large chunk of metal and pushed up with his back. He was able to lift it slightly and then step forward. With each lift, he moved it up about six inches. After working for a while, he stepped back to see how close he had gotten to the fire escape. It looked like he could reach it if he stood at the top of the ladder. He decided it was time to go for it. The night was wearing on, and he needed time to prepare once he was on the roof. He was a little concerned that the weight of his backpack was going to throw his balance off, but he was compelled to try. 
His first step on the ladder shook his confidence as it slid slightly to the left on the building. He stabilized himself and continued one rung at a time, moving along and up its surface. His feet were numb, and he was shivering, adding to the peril of his climb. He was three-quarters of the way up the slope of the leaning ladder when it slid one more time. He froze in place, looking down approximately fifteen feet. He took a deep breath and continued. He reached the point where the ladder was leaning, wedged against the wall. The fire escape was about six feet above. He would need to stand upright to reach the broken remnant of the ladder still attached to the building.
He first brought his knees up under himself, inching his feet into position flat on the rails of the ladder. It was at that point that he would need to release the hold on the ladder he had with his hands and stand up. The wind had picked up and felt like it was blowing him from side to side. He placed one hand on the wall and started to slide it up its surface. It was soon time for the final leap of faith and release the other hand. He placed the second hand on the building and slowly inched his way up. His legs shook under his weight, perched on the rails of a ladder that was barely leaning against the wall.
It was only another foot or so until he could reach high enough to grab the lowest rung of the portion still secured to the wall. He reached for the rung and realized he was still a couple of inches short of it. He could not see himself walking all the way back down and starting over. He would have to get on his tiptoes to grab it. He started to push up on his frozen feet. It hurt to flex them up to his toes. 
“Just one more inch and I’ll have it.”
He stretched to his limit and got a hand on the rung. He gave himself a little jump to get the other hand on the rung. That was just enough to shove the ladder sideways, and it slid all the way to the ground. That left Dorian hanging on the bottom rung, twenty feet in the air with a pile of twisted metal beneath him. In the cold night air, he broke out in a full sweat. He could feel his palms sweating even as they gripped the frozen metal.
He had no choice but to pull himself up the fire escape. He placed a foot against the wall and then the other. He hung on for dear life as he released one hand to grab for the next rung up the ladder. In this fashion, he got to the point where he could get one foot on a rung. At that point, he hugged the metal and breathed a sigh of relief. That was when he had a chance to wonder if anyone heard the loud scratching and clanking of the ladder falling. The fact that no one had come to investigate gave him some comfort. He needed to get on the roof, out of sight, in case someone came.
He climbed the remaining eight feet and threw himself onto the roof. That was when he stopped to consider the safety of the roof. He hadn’t thought about the fact that the place had not truly been maintained, and the roof could be weak in spots. Additionally, it was snow-covered, another consideration he had overlooked. 
“Dorian, you did not fully think this plan through. I need to clear a spot for my ritual.”
He began kicking snow away from a spot on the roof of the main building. That was the original stone structure. He selected a spot between the gargoyles that stood watch over the main entrance. He needed about a six-foot circle in which to draw his pentagram. He worked for some time getting the snow moved. It was difficult as the wind persisted in blowing it back at him. Finally, he was satisfied; he could create his drawing. Dorian looked at the time. It was nearly 11:00 pm. He had a couple of hours to prepare all of the components he would need, so he began setting things up in earnest.


*****


Three Hours Earlier


        Musgrave, Mary the Medium, and Spooky Boy Boo were seated on the staircase of the grand entry. They had spent the last three hours touring the building and setting up their equipment. The control room was complete, and the three monitors were collecting footage from the stationary cameras they had located around the complex. Their process was to collect as much footage in as many locations of the building as possible to use as filler around their individual footage taken as they worked in teams and alone, investigating. 
They hoped to get at least two videos out of the footage they collected at the Lockwood. If they could get a third video, it would be a rousing success. Content was the lifeblood of what they did for a living. They each had other jobs. Don was a commercial film editor, Mary had several clients for whom she performed psychic wellness sessions, and Spooky Boy Boo did announcer and voice-over work. Their main income was derived from the monetization of their YouTube channel. Once they achieved a million views per episode, they were set. 
The business side of their work had changed the dynamic of their investigations. Maintaining interesting content was so important that they often had to exaggerate their findings a little, or at least overreact to some sounds and shadow anomalies just to keep the intensity at a level the viewers found intriguing. They never fabricated evidence, just a little showmanship. Don was realizing the joy he once felt from the investigations was diminished by the constant need to film something that appeased the ever more demanding followers. Such was the life of a nomadic paranormal content creator.  
They had developed a format that their viewers had come to appreciate. They would film the arrival and the introduction to the facility. They would add footage of the three of them essentially playing around the place in a lighthearted excitement about what they were about to do. The viewers liked that part as it made them feel like friends on an adventure. 
Next, they would show some of the technical setup so the viewers could tell they were coming at the investigations from a logical, evidence-based point of view. They would then film the tour of the facility, showing the creepiest, spookiest elements that they would be experiencing alone or in pairs later. They would then do a reading of a packet of information about the history and documented hauntings associated with the building or complex. 
After that, they would investigate and finally separate for the final three to five hours to experience different parts of the building alone. It was during this portion that they would try experiments or challenges suggested by the viewers. That could be going for extended periods with no light, or being handcuffed to immovable objects for periods of time. Some of these challenges had gotten pretty intense, but that was what their followers wanted. Providing that vicarious thrill was the key to increased viewership.
        “Okay, guys, it’s dark enough for us to read our packet of information about the Lockwood. I know we have been here for a couple of hours just touring the place, it’s time you learn what all has happened here.”
        “I’ll start reading.”
        “Okay, Spooky, go for it.”
        “Nestled in the rolling fields of north central Wisconsin sits the Lockwood Sanatorium. Built on farmland donated by Josiah and Mary Lockwood. The original three-story building was constructed from timbers supplied from the Lockwood sawmills and rocks collected from the Chippewa and Eau Claire Rivers. Some have said the stones carried the spirits of Native Americans and that energy was imbued upon the structure from the start. 
        “It operated as a hospital servicing the western part of Eau Claire County for twenty years. During that time, there were at least four hundred documented deaths on the property.”
        “Mary, do you want to take over reading?”
        “Sure, this is probably the creepy part. Don always likes to give that to me.”
        “Hey, I just think your reading fits it well.”
        “Don’t try to make it a compliment, we know what you’re doing.”
        “Just read it already.”
        “Okay, okay.”
        “Over those twenty years, the Lockwoods subsidized the hospital as it lost money every year. When the Lockwood fortune neared its limit, Mary closed the hospital, climbed to the second floor of the grand entry, and hanged herself.”
        “Wait a minute, so she hanged herself right here?”
        “That’s right, Mary. She was hanging directly above us.”
        As the trio looked up at the balustrade above them, they all heard a woman’s scream. 
        “Oh my god! Did you hear that? Did you hear a woman’s scream?”
        “Yes, I did, Spooky. Right on cue, after Mary read that part of the story. Was that real, or is someone playing tricks on us? Did that caretaker ever leave the building?”
        “I saw him leave a couple of hours ago. He could have gotten back in.”
        Don grabbed for his walkie-talkie.
        “Nick, have you seen the caretaker?”
        “He came out quite a while ago and went down to the end of the left wing and went into his apartment, I think. I haven’t seen him since. Why?”
        “Never mind, let us know if he is moving around okay?”
        “Sure.”
        “That was strange.”
        “If you think that was strange, let me read this next part of the packet.”
        “Go ahead.”
        “It was said that her scream could be heard from miles away. To this day, a woman’s scream can be heard around the time Mary committed suicide on that day, the 14th of February 1921.”
        “Are you kidding me? We are here on the anniversary of Mary Lockwood’s death?”
        “That was one of the surprises I told you two about. We happened to schedule our investigation around the anniversary of Mary’s suicide.”
        “That makes the scream we heard all the more creepy.”
        “That is not all. The Central States Paranormal Group (CSPG), which we booked this through, had a group do an investigation two years ago, and they documented the woman screaming as well.”
        “That is amazing.”
        “I think there may be a few more surprises for us, Mary. Spooky, why don’t you finish the packet?”
        “Okay, if I can hold it together to do so. That scream on cue really has me wondering about this place.”
        “Go ahead, the packet has some more very interesting tidbits.”
        “Soon after its closure, Wisconsin began experiencing the spread of Tuberculosis. They needed treatment facilities. They took over the hospital and added the three wings. Over the next twenty-five years, over ten thousand deaths were recorded.”
        “Ten thousand deaths, just think of the energy released within these walls?”
        “That has to have left a residual life force here.”
        “Three of the deaths recorded were not due to the deadly disease. They were the result of misplaced love. Doctor James Zuwiki was one of the leading practitioners at the Lockwood. He was a tall man with what has been described as notable good looks. The doctor viewed the nursing staff as his own personal stable of consorts with whom he could have his way. Three such nurses, all married, fell for the good doctor. The first had the misfortune of becoming pregnant with the doctor's child. Her husband threw her out of his house, and when the doctor turned her away, she killed herself. On a chilly day in April of 1930, she climbed to the roof and bared her bosoms to the wind and then threw herself onto the front steps of the Lockwood.”
“Wow, a second suicide? We have seen in our previous investigations that when someone takes their own life, they leave very complicated energy behind. Those have been some of our most active experiences.”
“You are right, Spooky, keep reading; there are more.”
“More suicides?”
“Just keep reading.”
“Over the next few weeks, after the nurse’s death, Zuwiki became involved with two more married nurses at the same time. When they learned about each other, there was a tremendous argument. To keep the scandal somewhat quiet, Zuwiki talked the women into going to the roof with him, where they could talk it through in private. When both women plummeted to the steps in almost the exact location as the first, there were a lot of questions. Zuwiki’s story was that he tried to talk them down, but they flung themselves off nearly simultaneously. Zuwiki was never prosecuted for the deaths as they were declared accidental.
 “Zuwiki continued working at the Lockwood for one more year. A terrible accident ended his reign of emotional terror. He somehow ended up in the boiler room, where a broken valve scalded him to death. Some say his deep-seated cruelty manifests itself as a shadow figure that walks amongst the spirits of the Lockwood."
“Between the sheer numbers of deaths and the emotional and psychological upheaval experienced here, this place has a lot of paranormal potential.”
“I agree, Mary, that is why we are here. What do the two of you say we split up and each take a wing of the building? We walk to the end, climb the far stairs, and then walk back to the center on the second floor.”
“You want to do that right after reading the packet? Right when we are on the razor’s edge of fear?”
“Exactly!”
“You have a true sadistic streak. Do you realize that?”
“It will make great content.”
“Always about the content.”
“Yes, actually it is, Spooky.”
Don smiled at his friend as they both knew he was right.
        The three of them stood at the bottom of the stairs, looking down three dark hallways. If one stared into the blackness long enough, they would believe they could see movement. It probably was just a trick of the shadows. 
        “Are we ready? Remember when you reach the end of the hall, you take the stairs at that end up to the second floor, and we meet in the center above where we are standing right now.”
        “Does anyone have a preference for which hallway to take?”
        “I’ll take the east hall, Mary.”
        “Okay, I’ll take the center one then.”
        “Sounds like I’ll be taking the west wing. Good luck, all. See you in about half an hour.”
        Mary started walking slowly at first as she got used to the layout of the hall. Between open doors and furniture sitting in the way, it was sort of an obstacle course. Almost immediately, she was feeling the presence of others around her. The feeling was not scary; the spirits were not interacting, just watching. She could tell they were timid, as though they were being restricted by someone or something. She could sense their fear and frustration. 
        As she walked, she began to pick up a very faint whisper. It felt like the whispers were not to her, but about her. It was like the spirits were discussing what she was. Or perhaps who she was. The whispers were constant as she made her way down the hall. When she reached what was nearly the halfway point in the hall, she felt drawn to a room. She entered, and the air seemed totally different from before, more electrically charged.
        She could feel someone standing beside her. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw shadows darting past the doorway. The whispers grew more frequent. She exited the room and continued moving down the hall, and then all at once the whispers stopped, the shadows stopped moving, and she felt the presence of something much darker, angrier, and menacing. Her skin was alive with goosebumps, and the hair on the back of her neck stood on end. Whatever had entered the hallway was different from anything else she had sensed so far. 
        At the end of the hall, Mary entered the stairwell. Feelings of being followed, almost hunted, were nagging at her. With each step she took on the stairs, she could hear the step of her stalker. Reaching the second floor, she quickly began to move toward “Grand Central”. She was no longer comfortable being alone with whatever was following her. She was happy to see Don’s light moving toward the central area.
        “Don, have you been hearing whispers? Faint ones, I can’t quite make out the words.”
        “No, so far I haven’t heard or seen anything. This place looks the part, but I don’t think there is much to find here, Mary.”
        “They’re here, I can feel them, and I see little glimpses of them. It is still too early for them.”
        “Mary, are you certain?”
        “I’m not exaggerating. This place is totally alive. There are hundreds of spirits here, but there is a problem. There is something else here, and it is stifling the spirits. This entity controls them. It stands in the shadows, dark and intimidating, watching the others. I feel that entity will show itself, but it is angry.”
        “Well, that sounds ominous.”
        Don Musgrave was not taking Mary very seriously. Though he was a true believer in the paranormal, he was not someone who accepted the idea of demons or anything beyond human spirits. When Mary started to explain that there was something there beyond the realm of his belief, he discounted its existence. 
        “I wouldn’t take this lightly. This is more than we have dealt with in any of our investigations.”
        Musgrave stopped filming and set the camera down so he could talk with his colleague without being recorded.
        “You may be getting a little over the top. We may not get enough tonight to sell everything you are promising with the hype.”
        “I’m not hyping anything. This place is dangerous. I have never felt spirits as afraid as these are. If whatever it is that is here decides to do something, it could be big and out of our control.”
        Mary was visibly shaken. It wasn’t her words, but the way she was acting that concerned Musgrave. 
        “Maybe we need to get you out of the building for a while to let you clear your head a little.”
        “No, I think I need to stay. You’re going to need me here when things start to happen. I just need to go to the control room and try to disconnect for a few minutes.”
        “Okay, while you do that, I’ll take Spooky with me, and we will explore the tunnels. I assume he beat us back and went to the control room.”
        The pair of ghost hunters walked from where they were in the center of the halls on the second floor, known as “Grand Central”, to the control room at the bottom of the steps in the grand entry. Spooky Boy Boo was seated in front of the monitors that showed the video feeds from around the building. 
“I’ve been watching the footage of you guys as you walked back here. I want you to look at it and tell me if you see anything. Don, I’ll show yours first.”
“What are we looking for?”
“I don’t want to say, it could contaminate your viewing. Just watch and tell me if there is anything you notice.”
“Before we do that, Mary says she feels the presence of something here that is much stronger than a human spirit. She will be sitting here for a while to kind of reset her sensitivity. I thought you and I would go down to the lower level where there are utility tunnels that extend under each wing.”
        “Yeah, that will be fine. Okay, so I guess I will show you Mary’s recording first and then yours.”
        Spooky hit the play button. There was Mary, walking slowly toward the camera positioned at the end of the hallway. 
  As the three of them watched, it seemed as if the darkness that surrounded her moved like a wave. Every so often, one could make out a portion of a body or a segment of a face seemingly peeking around a corner. The images were very faint, hardly discernible from the darkness.
“Look, there is a leg, a shadow leg. Do you see the eyes all sunk in? They are almost invisible, blending with the blackness of the hallway.”
“I don’t understand. There was nothing where I was walking.”
“Don’t be quite so certain. Let’s look at your walk.”
“Okay, show me.”
Spooky opened the clip of Don moving down the west hallway. For a good portion of the video, there was nothing out of the ordinary. Then, as he was about to reach the end of the hallway nearest the camera, a huge shadow started to form behind him. It loomed over him from the floor to the ceiling.
“What is that? I didn’t see that while I was walking. That thing is huge.”
“When I saw it, I thought that was not a human spirit.”
“That is what I have been sensing in this building. It is controlling all of the entities in this building. I don’t know what it is, but it is powerful. I have been seeing this thing in my dreams this past week. It doesn’t want to scare us out of here; it wants to make us part of its collection of spirits. It wants our energy.”
Don had worked with Mary for a long time. He considered her a friend, but the fact was that he wasn’t a true believer in psychic abilities. He felt she added something to the vibe of their videos, but her “visions” were more hype than help. 
“We need to draw it out. We have to get this thing on our next video.”
“I think that is a dangerous idea. There is a real chance this thing can cause us harm.”
“Let’s not get too far out there in our fear of the unknown. How many investigations have we done? I think it is over a hundred, and we have not been harmed once. We get a stone thrown at us now and then, we get some scratches, or we get sick to our stomachs. We have never truly been harmed.”
“Don, this thing is different from anything we have seen. If I were to take a guess, I think it was once human, but it has soaked up residual energy from the building and grown into something else, something older, more dark.”
“Wow, to hear you speak of it, it sounds like quite a monster. Why didn’t it attack us already, when we were alone?”
“It may be watching us for a while before it decides what to do.”
“I’m sorry, I’m not giving it that much credit. I just want to get it on camera again and see if we can communicate with it. I want to take the Spirit Box up to the second floor and see if it will speak to us. I think right now, Mary, you stay here. Spooky and I will explore the tunnel, and then the three of us will go to the second floor to see if we can communicate with the shadow. Is everyone cool with that?”
“Yeah, sure. I can tell you aren’t going to listen to reason on this.”
Mary was upset with Don’s lack of caution. She was a little hurt that he would not listen to her advice. She was equally invested in the success of their channel, but she knew that some things weren’t meant to be messed with. The content was not worth risking one’s safety.
Don and Spooky checked their batteries and started to walk to the entrance to the tunnels under the east wing. Mary sat watching the stationary cameras they had on each floor and each wing. Nothing was happening. As she sat there, she started to calm down. The energy in that room was much lower than in other parts of the building. There were no cameras in the tunnels, so she had no clue how the investigation was going for Don and Spooky. She fought the urge to call them on the walkie since calling them would probably scare them. That happens when you’re so focused in the dark. It had happened to her several times; once in a while, as a prank from the others. 
Mary checked the time on the computer; it was 9:30 pm. The guys had been gone for about thirty minutes. She assumed they would be at least another hour. She was getting kind of bored sitting there alone, just watching the camera feeds. Her senses had been on high alert earlier as she walked through the building. The adrenal high she had been on was crashing, and the inevitable drowsiness was beginning to overtake her. She could feel herself drifting as her eyes frequently blinked as she stared at the screens. Mary was nearly asleep when it happened. She barely caught it between long, sleepy blinks. There was movement.
On the second floor central wing, someone walked quickly past the camera. It took a second or two for it to register in her mind. Once she realized what had just happened, she sprang to attention. Fully awake, she looked hard at the feed she had seen it on. Nothing was happening; she needed to replay that section. She stopped the recording and rewound forty seconds. She then played it back with her finger ready to hit pause. There, there it is, she paused the playback. A figure in full stride was in the center of the frame. 
It appeared to be the full form of a man in overalls with a slouchy cap. The face was not completely visible as the whole figure had a mist-like quality, rendering it translucent. She had never seen a full form spectre before. Her heart was racing, and her breathing was coming in staccato puffs. This was big, huge. This would break the internet when it aired. People investigated their entire lives and never saw a manifestation like this.
Mary grabbed for the walkie-talkie. She needed the guys to see this immediately.
“Don, Don, come in!”
She was abrupt and loud. The perfect scenario to startle the person on the other end of the call. Both men jumped, shouting expletives. Don grabbed his chest, and Spooky leaned over with his hands on his knees. Don responded.
“Whoa, you know how that affects us when we are trying to be quiet in an investigation. You just scared the you know what out of us.”
“Sorry, I just saw something on the second floor feed that you need to see right now!”
“What is it?”
“You need to see it, it’s amazing. I’ve never seen anything like it, much less gotten a recording of it. Hurry up, you have to get up here and look at this!”
“Okay, we’re coming.”
The two men abandoned their walk through the tunnels and headed back toward the stairs to the first floor. Once there, they jogged down the hallway to the control room. Don stepped in, breathing heavily.
“Okay, what was so amazing?”
“I was sitting, actually getting pretty bored. It was getting difficult to stay awake, but then out of the corner of my eye I saw it. You won’t believe it, even though it’s recorded.”
“Okay, enough with the buildup, let’s see it.”
Mary brought the clip up and hit play. Spooky and Don looked in total astonishment.
“Run it again.”
They all watched it once more.
“That is something I have never seen before. That’s a full-body apparition. We’ve never caught anything like that in any of our investigations. That is going to make our year. We can count on this video going viral. We will be gaining a ton of followers. This is very exciting. Excellent catch, Mary. Did you see anything else while you were watching?”
“I did not see anything while I was watching, but as I said, I got a little bored. I could have missed something.”
“We are going to have to look at every second of these recordings very closely. We have our work cut out for us. There are so many things we need to do. I had talked about a spirit box session upstairs. I think we need to get that done right now.”
“How do you want to go about doing that? Are you thinking at full volume or are you talking about the Estes Method?”
“We may try both, but to start, I think we want to go full volume. I want to hear that shadow’s story. I’m willing to do about anything to get it talking. From what you have said, Mary, I think a little antagonizing would get a reaction.”
“I was afraid you were thinking of doing that. You have to believe me. Don’t get this thing upset. It is more powerful than anything we have come across before. Like I said earlier. I think it was human. If I were to guess, the individual was very evil in life, and that evil has grown in death. It could be Doctor Zuwiki, the guy involved with the nurses who were killed, or died falling from the roof. I think he was the embodiment of evil in life, and that anger and spite for mankind followed him into death.”
“Fine, but how does that make him the shadow?” 
“Spooky, there is plenty of negative energy all around this place, so much useless death creates an angry, aggressive aura. It needed an outlet, and Zuwiki accepted its power, taking it as his own. Over time, he has grown into this thing that we have seen and all felt.”
“Mary, I have always trusted your senses, but it sounds like you are making conjectures here that are outside of your expertise. I think we all can agree that between the scream, the full body apparition, and the footage of the shadow, we have a very active place here. We need to take full advantage of it. This one video could make us enough to cover the expenses for us all for the next year. Think of what I’m saying. We would have an entire year to do with as we pleased. We could do many of the investigations we decided were too expensive.”
“YOU CANNOT SPEND THAT MONEY IF WE DON’T MAKE IT OUT OF HERE!”
“Mary, give Don a break. He is just trying to make sure we are financially solvent. We started this channel with no money and no idea of where we were going. Look how far we’ve come. He has managed that. I think we can trust his judgement.”
“I have trusted both of you from day one. I understand the importance of the funding of our little team, but there comes a time when our safety outweighs our finances. I’m not joking or exaggerating the power of this entity. We are in trouble here. I cannot state it any clearer!”
“Okay, Mary, how about we compromise. We will do the spirit box, but we will not be disrespectful to your shadow monster. Can we agree on that?”
“Don, we are in this together. I am afraid of tonight’s outcome. I hope I am wrong, but my senses are saying we may not leave this place!”
Don looked at her like she had lost her mind. He was concerned that a spirit may be attached to her, causing her over-the-top behavior. There had been times during their investigations when they had to use the help of a shaman to cleanse them of unwanted attachments.
He decided not to confront that problem for now; he just could not trust her senses as he normally would. He would appease her concerns the best way he knew how, until they could get help in clearing the unwanted influence. It was nearly 11:00 pm, and they needed a break to calm their nerves and concerns. 
“Let’s take a thirty-minute break, eat something, and then do our spirit box session.”
The trio retrieved the food they had brought from their backpacks. They acted differently from other investigations. Usually, this was a time of conversation and camaraderie. On this occasion, they separated and spent the time quietly.


*****


        Nick Carter had been the Paranormal Posse’s support guy for the past three years. He had gone to school with Spooky Boy Boo, whose real name was Alan Parker, from first grade through graduation. He had always enjoyed working with video projects, and when the team needed someone who could edit and record the drone shots, he was their man.
        He took on those tasks, plus driving the RV. More recently, he started a tradition of cooking breakfast for the team on the mornings after they spent all night investigating. He had just finished mixing pancake batter. He liked to have that done the night before because he thought it made better pancakes after it had cured in the refrigerator overnight. He decided to take a few drone shots before going to sleep, until they were scheduled to come out in the morning.
He grabbed the drone remote and the small camera monitor and stepped out of the RV. The drone was stored in the storage compartment under the RV. He pulled out the drone and did a quick check on all of its functions. Once he was satisfied with its readiness, he got it in the air. With no moon, the visual was a bit surreal. There were lots of long shadows, areas of total darkness, and a great contrast of objects against the snow. 
His first shot would be flying over the entrance and up the driveway. As the drone reached the entrance and hovered over the gate, Nick noticed a van parked nearby. He flew closer to see if he could determine what it was, as it appeared to be a work van of some sort. The drone had to get very close for Nick to make out the writing on it in the dark. It read “Blanchard Veterinary”. He saw someone moving around, and then the van quickly backed out and drove away.
Nick thought that was pretty strange. It was after 11:00 pm, so why would the vet be hanging around the place? He tried the walkie-talkie to let Don know about the van and the guy. 
“Don, this is Nick. Come in, please.”
All he received was static. The communication was being disrupted by something. Maybe Don was in the basement or around the old wiring system. Nick figured he would continue his work and try again later.
He brought the drone up the driveway and circled the Lockwood. As he watched the monitor, he thought he saw something moving on the roof. He brought the drone around a second time. Whoever or whatever was on the roof scurried behind something so he could not get a good look at them. He really needed to tell Don about someone being on the roof.
“Don, can you hear me?”
No response other than static. 
“Boo, can you hear me?”
Only static.
“Mary, can you hear me?”
No response from any of them. Nick considered just going in, but that could ruin their video shoot. He brought the drone in and put it away. He took the monitor and the remote inside the RV and hooked the remote up for charging. He considered his options; he could not leave them in the building without them knowing about a person on the roof. Maybe their cell phones would work. He hit the speed dial for Don Musgrave. The phone went directly to voicemail. Now he was not just needing to tell them about the guy on the roof and the van, but he was worried about whether they were okay inside. He sat thinking of other options, but arrived at only one.
He decided to go in. He rummaged through his storage drawer and pulled out the small baseball bat he carried just in case they ran into trouble. Many of the locations they investigated were located in less-than-safe areas of larger cities. He readied himself to walk into the creepy building. Though he had been a team member on over a hundred of these investigations, he never spent much time in any of the locations. He wanted no part of the dark and dusty buildings or the possible spectral inhabitants they hosted. He certainly never entered these places at night. This was going to be a real gut-check moment for him. He opened the door of the RV and stepped into the cold night air, and was met with something hard and heavy crashing into the top of his head.
 Nick went down on the ground, and a pool of red quickly spread around the now limp form of Nick Carter. The attacker reached for the wrist of the young man on the ground. There was no pulse. The assailant whispered an inaudible curse. They had not wanted to kill Nick. It seemed they had other plans for him that were no longer possible. They kicked the body over onto its back. In the darkness of the moonless night, a faint glint of the knife blade was all that betrayed shadows as it rose above the hooded figure. It came down swiftly, taking the right eye from Nick’s lifeless form. A second thrust and the left eye was dispatched.
The dark figure stood up and seemed to be surveying their work. Apparently satisfied with their work, they moved to the front door of the Lockwood, humming some kind of song. Once there, they picked up a length of chain from the large cement pad surrounding the doorway. They wrapped it several times around the door handles and clicked a lock on it to hold it in place. This was the last door still left unchained from the exterior. The building was now sealed. Unbeknownst to the paranormal investigators, they had now become prisoners of the Lockwood. 
The hooded figure moved away from the door. They stopped to take one last look at Nick Carter’s now mutilated face before disappearing into the darkness.
________________
Chapter 8


        A van drove down County Trunk Z. As it neared the gate of the Lockwood, the headlights were turned off. The driver turned into the Lockwood driveway, stopped at the gate, and got out of the vehicle to open it. He drove the van in and then got out to close the gate. The driver got in and continued up the long drive to the complex of buildings. He drove off the driveway into the snow-covered secondary path that went around behind the building. The van struggled to make its way to the gravel lot in the back. He shut off the engine and sat in the darkness for a few minutes. 


*****
                                             
        Sally Thomas was now more desperate to find the kids and bring a killer to justice. She was regretting coming to the Bendons’ house. Sally had found nothing of consequence to prove that anything had happened there. She hoped the forensic team might find something to help with the case. When Sally had finished looking through the house, it was nearly midnight. She was nearing exhaustion. Her day had started at 4:00 am, and she had been constantly on the go and on edge. She hadn’t eaten and really would like to just sit down, but she had the outbuildings to check. 
She left the house through the front door and looked toward the garage. The deputy had already spent time on that during her previous visit. There was a large equipment shed and the log cabin she had seen from Dorian’s window. Sally opted to check the large shed first. As she approached it, she noticed that there were footprints that had to have occurred between the snowfalls. They were still noticeable but partially filled in from the most recent snow. She stood in the cold, trying to think of the timing of each snow event. It was now the morning of the 15th. It snowed on the 13th and then yesterday, the 14th. So whoever walked to the shed had to have done that after the snow on the 13th and before the snow on the 14th. So it was after 2:00 pm on the 13th and before 7:00 am on the following day. That only narrowed it to a fifteen-hour window.
Sally wasn’t sure if that meant much other than it could only have been Dorian if it was one of the Brendon’s tracks. Outside of the family, it could have been anyone else. She followed the tracks to the side door of the shed. The deputy was surprised to find it unlocked. It was quite large, probably forty feet by sixty feet. She felt around for a light switch on either side of the side door. Sally found it and flipped all of the switches. The entire building lit up. There was a tractor with a plow and what appeared to be the rigging to mount a lawnmower. There was a good-sized boat, a couple of four-wheeler type vehicles, and two vintage cars. Sally was no car expert; she just knew they were old, like from the thirties or something like that.
She noticed there was still a small puddle and snow remnants where the tractor had been driven into the shed. It could also have been returned to the shed after being used for something, but what? After looking around the building, she decided to look into where the tractor had gone. If there was a snow trail in the shed, there should be tracks outside. She had approached the shed from the side, so they should be out on the front of the building.
She exited through the side door and had to navigate a drift that had formed extending out from the corner of the structure. Once through the obstacle, she could see the tracks from the farm vehicle. They made a large loop down by the tree that had the burn marks and back up behind the shed somewhere. Sally was about to walk in that direction when her radio went off. Again, the voice surprised her, making her jump. She took a breath to settle herself.  
        “Deputy Thomas, this is Tom Clark.”
“Ahh … yeah, go for Thomas.”
“I thought you would want to know this as soon as possible.”
“What is it?”
“I think we found Dober Grumby.”
“Hold him there, I’ll be right over.”
Sally was excited at last; she was going to face that bastard. She started for her vehicle almost on the run.
“Wait, there is no need to hurry, Deputy.”
Sally stopped, confused by Clark’s statement. She responded, a little out of breath.
“What, ahh … what do you mean?”
“He is dead. We found him under the floorboards of the back room of the cabin. His throat was slit and his eyes … well, the killer gouged them out like the others.”
“What? That is not possible, Grumby is doing this. He couldn’t do that to himself. The body you found has to be someone else.”
Sally was frantic; she was positive Grumby was her man. All they had to do was find the creep. Clark had to be mistaken; the body must be someone else.
“No, we have positive identification. Two of the deputies investigating here know Grumby to see him. They both identified the corpse as him.”
“No, no, then who is doing this?”
“That’s a question I can’t answer, at least not based on what I’ve found so far.”
Sally walked through the snow, exhausted and on the verge of collapse. Tears froze on her cheeks as she held her hand to her forehead; thoughts spun around and around. She couldn’t have been this wrong. In a weak, raspy voice, she asked her next question.
“Wh … wh … when was Grumby killed?”
“It is a little difficult to say because of the cold weather he has been preserved. However, based on the level of freezing and frost burn, he has been dead for at least two days, but it could be much longer. We will need the coroner to do several tests, most of which are not very reliable, to get a better approximate time of death.
The detective was nearly despondent, all of the work she had put in, the loss of her fellow officers, one of whom she considered a mentor, it was all just too much. She spoke slowly and quietly.
“We are back at square one. I’m over here, at the Brendon estate. I guess I could use some help determining if there was any type of struggle or other violence here. I don’t see any, but something had to happen here. I can tell something happened in the driveway. With all of the snow, I can’t tell what all went down.”
“We need to wrap things up here. The coroner has arrived, so it should take about another hour. Are you going to be okay? It sounds like maybe I should send one of the deputies over for ahh … backup.”
“No, I have some outbuildings yet to check. Give me a heads up when you are heading over.”
Clark had already determined he should send someone anyway. He thought Thomas sounded like she could use someone to support her right now. He understood how emotionally involved an officer could get when they are trying hard to protect the public. When fellow officers and young people are involved, it gets pretty difficult to keep your perspective.
“Will do. Looks like the deputies here are wrapping up. I’ll let them know where you are and what is going on.”
Sally responded. Her thoughts were very distracted. It felt like the puzzle she had been working on had just been knocked all over the floor. She had no clue how the pieces fit together as she started over.
“Yeah, okay.”
“Hang in there; this is a strange one. Out.”
“Yeah, yeah, strange. Clear.”
Sally stood for a second, searching the sky for guidance. She fell to her knees in the snow, feeling drained of energy and hope. The clues were spinning in her head. The raccoon, the table at Dober’s was stained, but no human blood, three kids were missing all of it within a mile of the Lockwood. She was dumbfounded. What was Fred trying to tell them? If he wasn’t naming Dober, who was he trying to name? D. O., whose name could that be? Dorian Brendon? It could be the kid involved in the occult. That would make sense; he sounded a little whacked out, and his friends said he was over the top with the idea that he could summon a demon.
DO … Dorian! Yes, that had to be it. Sally felt a little rush of energy as she began to piece the puzzle back together. She needed to look closer here at the estate. If Dorian were doing this, there would be some form of evidence. The cabin! She had not investigated the cabin yet. She trudged through the snow until she hit the partially filled tractor tracks that seemed to be headed to the cabin. The walking was much easier on the track of the implement. It was about one hundred yards behind the large machine shed she had already inspected. It was surrounded by the trees of the same woods that ran through Grumby’s property and on up to the back of the Lockwood. 
She was now standing in front of the cabin. The cold air was starting to force her back to clarity. What if Dorian were in that cabin waiting as he had been in Grumby’s cellar? She could be walking into a trap. He could have been watching her the whole time she had been there. She should have told Clark to send another car over for backup. Her mind wandered to the ineffective handling of backup at Grumby’s. The tears started to blur her vision. She had to shake off the emotions; she had a job to do!
She followed the tractor tracks; it seemed as though they led behind the cabin. There seemed to be marks of something very large being dragged behind the tractor. There were large divots taken out of the ground where it had been pulled. She could feel those more than see them. She had to be careful not to twist an ankle in the ruts that had been formed. When she was behind the cabin, she trained her flashlight on a hulking shadow that was back there. As the light carried across it she could tell the twisted, burned mess of metal was a car. It had been rolled, and then it had hit something, probably the tree along the driveway, and then caught on fire.
Had Dorian had an accident in his own driveway? Had he hauled the car back here to hide it from his parents? It looked bad. It would have been miraculous if anyone had gotten out of the wreck before it caught fire. There was a remnant of a license plate. The paint had been burned off, but the relief of the stamped numbers and letters was still there. The deputy got close enough to feel the numbers like reading Braille. Once she had it completed on her notepad pad she tucked it away. She would do a plate search when she got back to her vehicle. If her memory was correct, the numbers she wrote were not a match for the two cars she had placed on the BOLO. 
Based on what she had seen at this place, there were plenty of cars, so it would not be a surprise if this was another vehicle owned by the family. She needed to get a look inside the vehicle. That was going to require her to climb a little of the wreckage. She needed to be careful; the killer, whoever it was, could easily be watching her. Once on the pile of car wreckage, she could get a light inside the passenger area. As she moved the light slowly around it caught a horrific sight that nearly sent her tumbling to the ground as she jerked back away from the view.
She shook herself back into control. Aiming the light back into the car, she looked upon the gaping, scorched skull of the presumed victim of the wreck. She could not tell if the body could be Dorian or one of the other missing kids. The puzzle had just presented another oddball piece that did not fit.
“Thomas to dispatch.”
“Go for dispatch.”
“I have a wrecked car with a deceased victim hidden behind a cabin at the Brendon estate. I need backup and forensics.”
“Another one? I’ll get backup there as soon as possible. Everyone available is over at the Grumby place.”
As dispatch was talking, Sally saw the red and blue lights of a sheriff’s deputy cruiser coming up the Brendon driveway.
“Dispatch, backup is already here.”
“Okay, tell them to call with a check-in so I know who is where.”
“Will do. Out.”
“Dispatch, clear.”
Sally walked the tractor track back to the large shed and then toward the arriving officers. They pulled up behind Thomas’s vehicle and stepped out. It was Deputies Bernedette Hart and Hank Stussie.”
“Hey Sally, how are you doing? Are you holding up okay? That deal over at Grumby’s was a mess.”
Sally really didn’t want to answer the question. She was operating on sheer grit by that point. She had no energy left, emotionally or psychologically, for reflection.
“I ahh … I … yeah, I’m okay. 
She needed to change the focus from herself.
“We can’t say as much for Fred and Larry. I was certain it was that freak Dober, but Clark said he was positively identified. Is that right?”
Even though she had asked her friend Bernedette, Hank Stussie answered Sally’s question.
“Yeah, I knew old Dober. I helped identify him. He was a mess, the same way as Fred and Larry. Who does this kind of thing? Why do they? I’ve been working this job for fifteen years, and I have never seen anything like this. The whole eye gouging this is really sick.”
Sally thought of the long road she had taken to get to where the case was at that moment. In almost a whisper, she responded.
“It all started with a raccoon.”
“What did you say? A raccoon? What do you mean?”
Thomas looked up, almost surprised by the question. She wasn’t sure she had mentioned the raccoon out loud. 
“I ahh … I first heard about it from Barney at the Lockwood, and then another one popped up at a farm nearby. Raccoons with their eyes gouged out.”
“So you think it is the same person doing this? They moved on to people? Did they slit the raccoons’ throats as well?”
Sally replied in a sort of detached, matter-of-fact voice. 
“No, that is new. As is what I found down there behind the cabin.”
The two deputies looked in the direction Sally pointed.
“I don’t see a cabin over there. Are you saying there is another cabin besides Dober’s? Or are you pointing over at his place?”
Sally looked a little perturbed by the question. Why would she be pointing at Dober’s place? 
“No, not Dober’s, right here. There is a cabin located behind the large machine shed. Behind that is another body.”
“Are you kidding me? Another body, this can’t be happening out here. This was such a quiet spot. Nothing like this has happened here before.”
Sally had given up trying to figure out why. All she wanted to do was determine who was doing this and get them in jail.
“Well, it’s happening now. Go ahead, see for yourself. We still need to clear that cabin.I didn’t try to enter it alone. Too much has gone down tonight to try that, I guess.”
“That was good thinking. We can’t afford to lose any more deputies to this maniac. I assume the sheriff will call in the State Police to back us up tomorrow.”
“I doubt the sheriff will allow me to be involved after tonight. I want to find whoever is doing this right now!”
The two deputies just looked at Sally. They could tell she was at her limit.
“Let’s go see the victim and check the cabin. Bernedette and I will take the lead on this, okay?”
Sally just shook her head yes and waved them on to lead. She followed, feeling like each step was a day’s work. She followed the other deputies to the cabin. They walked around the building to the rear. There, the two looked over the wreckage and examined the body of the victim.
“The victim was most certainly in the car when it was burning. I can’t tell if they were driving.”
“That will have to be for the forensics and the coroner to determine, Hank.”
Sally watched the other two check on the wreckage. She was getting anxious to keep things moving. The body count was out of control. They needed to find the killer immediately; they could not change what had already happened.
“We need to clear this cabin and move on with our investigation.”
“Is there just the one door?”
“I think so, and a window on either side.”
“Bernedette and I will go in tandem. You watch the exterior.”
“Got it.”
“Ready, Bernie? One … two … three! Go Go Go.”
The deputies opened the door and moved in sidearms drawn and flashlights pointed in. They checked left and right and circled the interior.
“Clear.”
Sally had watched the windows on entry; there was no movement. She walked in, and the deputies looked at what amounted to old lawn equipment and boxes of stored household items. It was a complete dead end. The trio walked back to their vehicles.
“I’m doing a plate lookup on the wreck. The forensic team should be here in a few minutes. We need an APB put out on Dorian Brendon. He could be armed and dangerous. He is now our prime suspect.”
“I’m on that.”
“Thanks, Bernie.”
Sally went to her vehicle and got in. As she sat there, she took a deep breath. Her legs were aching; it was the first time she had sat down since driving over to the Brendon estate. Her head was hurting, partially due to exhaustion, and partially due to lack of caffeine. She got on her computer and punched in the license number. As she went to hit the last digit, she paused. What if the car was one of the missing Osborn kids? That could be Crystal or Ben in that car. If it was Dorian, she was down one more suspect. Wishing it wasn’t him was equivalent to wishing it was one of the Osborn kids. That was a terrible choice. 
She hit the final digit and waited a few seconds for the registration to come up. Sally had never felt as much trepidation about seeing the owner of a plate before. As the answer popped on the screen, her worst nightmare came into reality and slapped her in the face. The car was registered to Max Osborn. She didn’t know which of his children it was, but she was now certain it was one of them. 
The frustration of failure was weighing heavily on the deputy. So far her investigation had resulted in the death of two deputies, the probable death of one of the kids she was looking for, and the likelihood of her losing her career. Beyond all that, she had no idea where she stood with Barney. Her life was at one of its lowest points, with no end to the downward slide in sight. All she had left was hope. 
Hope is an interesting emotion and cognitive mindset. It exists only when one can suspend reality and logic. It is what’s left when everything else has failed. In her current situation, all she could muster was hope.
She was going to have to call the Osborns about the car and the possible victim. There was, of course, a slim chance that, for some reason, Dorian Brendon was driving the car, but if that were the case, who pulled the wreckage behind the cabin?
Telling a parent their child has been killed in a car wreck is a terrible chore. No parent is prepared for that kind of shock. One minute, you have a special person you have nurtured and watched grow up, and the next, they are snatched away from you without even an opportunity to say goodbye. Sally had done that on two occasions in the past. Each case was heartbreaking. The Osborns were in a special situation. She had very little respect for their commitment to parenting. The father’s lack of knowledge about his own children was disturbing. The fact that the wife was not even aware they were missing was beyond acceptable.
Sally thought for a moment about her judgment of the Osborns. Maybe she was in no position to have an opinion. In some ways, her reaction was jealousy. She would never have the chance to raise a child. She had given that opportunity up when she opted to go into law enforcement. The Osborns had taken a risk she chose not to take. She had to admit that it brought into question who should be judging whom.
The bigger concern was where Dorian Brendon had gone? If he was really planning to “summon” a demon at the Lockwood, when was he going to do it? Was he there now? Finding the Brendon kid had to be their number one priority, but how?
Sally was at a loss as to what her next step should be. She was already out on a limb for not leaving the investigation after the message from the sheriff, which dispatch had passed along to her. Part of her wanted to just go home, climb into bed, and never leave. She was feeling defeated. As she sat there trying to generate enough energy to speak with the other deputies, the weight of what had happened that day began to crash down all around her. Once again, she was struggling to hold back the tears. There was something else. It had been bothering her since she had first entered the woods to get to Dober’s cabin. It wasn’t something she could describe, but it was there, and she could feel it.
Her thoughts were interrupted by the tapping on the window of the car. It startled her. She whipped her head around to see Bernedette standing outside the door. She tilted her head back with her eyes closed to just regroup before opening the door.
“Sorry, did I scare you?”
“No, I was just a little startled. My mind was on our next steps.”
“We have to find the Brendon kid, right?”
“That is what I believe, the problem is where to look. I think we have to go over to the Lockwood."
“Why would we go there?”
 “Dorian Brendon is into the occult. He thinks he can summon a demon if he does it on the roof of the Lockwood. He believes there is paranormal energy in that place that would assist him in bringing forth something called Balsadore.”
“Slow down, this kid is trying to do what?”
“I know it sounds crazy, this whole affair is crazy. That might be my problem. I’ve been trying to investigate it logically. There is no logic to what is happening. We are dealing with all kinds of crazy. I’m worried it is going to make me crazy before it’s over.”
“Just let me fully understand what is going on. The Brendon kid thinks he can summon a demon. He might be doing it at the Lockwood. That place is totally creepy, but why there?”
“I told you, he thinks there is ghost energy there that will aid in his … his … I guess it's called a ritual.”
“The kid’s nuts!”
“If I’m right, he is beyond that; he is our killer. Fred scrawled D O in the dirt beside him before he … “
Sally had to catch herself. She was still reeling from the sight of her mentor, bloodied and mutilated in Dober’s cellar.
“Before he died. He had to be trying to tell us the name of the killer. D O, I thought it was Dober, but it had to be Dorian Brendon. Now with the body in the car hidden behind that cabin, I’m certain he is the killer.”
“That would make sense, but you just said we have to be careful of accepting or expecting the logical conclusion.”
Sally looked at Bernie, somewhat perturbed that she had thrown her own words back at her.
“Well, either way, we need the coroner and forensics here ASAP. I’m not comfortable leaving until I know more about that corpse in the car. We need an identification. I can’t head over to the Lockwood alone; that place is too big. So we wait. If the body in that car is Crystal Osborn, I’m afraid Ben has already met the same fate. There is only one person I fear for right now, and that is Barney over at the Lockwood.”
“Barney? Do you mean Barney Doyle?”
“Yeah.”
“You know Doyle starts with DO.”
“Don’t be ridiculous. Barney wouldn’t hurt a flea.”
“There was that episode when he was a teen that never seemed to be resolved. People talked back then that Barney pushed him.”
“His brother was twelve years old, and he was blind. He knew better. He never should have been out by the road like that.”
He should have been able to hear that semi coming. If he did hear it, then someone had to have pushed him. It wouldn’t be the first time sibling rivalry went too far.”
“You’re making quite a leap from an accident that happened in his teens to being a maniac mutilating his victims today.”
“I suppose I am. It’s just that I don’t understand anyone living out at that creepy sanatorium. If ever a place could make someone loopy, that is the place.”
“You’re just getting carried away.”
“Maybe so, maybe not. I just think we shouldn’t be so quick to rule him out.”
Sally shook her head. Barney couldn’t have anything to do with this horror show. Barney was good. He was good …good. She thought about what Bernie had said, and a trickle of sweat rolled down her spine. There was no way Barney could do such a thing and still look her in the eye and say he cared for her. For a person to do that, they would have to be terribly cold-hearted. The Barney she knew couldn’t do anything like that. 
As she told herself it could not possibly be Barney, way down deep in the pit of her stomach, there was a seed that had just sprouted its first root. It was sinking that root deep into her soul. It was growing quickly, like the way a weed can appear overnight. It was there in her gut, spreading and festering. Why had Bernie planted that weed? It was a cold and harmful thing to do. 
Sally was more anxious for the team to get there and get that body identified. Though she was not a religious person, she began to pray that Barney was safe and had nothing to do with any of the atrocities occurring all around the Lockwood.


*****


        “Don, where did you want to set up the spirit box?”
        “Let’s start at the top of the stairs in the area they call ‘Grand Central’. I think there are three old chairs up there. We can sit in a circle. Just to see if we get any matches, let’s run the ovilus at the same time. Mary, you handle the ovilus. Boo, you run the handheld camera. We need two stationary cameras. One over by Mary so she can show the camera the words on the ovilus, and one by the spirit box. That’s so we are sure we catch any words or phrases we don’t make out while we listen.”
        “Sounds good. Who will be explaining the equipment to the camera for the followers?”
        “Spooky, why don’t you explain the spirit box. Mary, are you okay with explaining the ovilus?”
        “Okay.”
        Mary was still struggling with the whole idea of trying to communicate with the shadow figure. Respectful or not, this thing was malevolent. Anything it said would be either untrue or misleading. In spite of her misgivings, she was there to support the team. That didn’t change the fact that, as a medium, her third eye saw nothing but trouble ahead.
Don was excited to get their attempt to communicate with the shadow he saw on the recordings underway. He led the trio up the stairs and gathered the three chairs while Spooky set up the stationary cameras. Don and Mary positioned themselves and made sure the cameras caught a full view from either angle while Spooky ran down to get the handheld camera.
“Are we all set?”
“Spooky gave a thumbs up, and Mary nodded.”
“Go ahead, Spooky. Let’s start.”
Spooky held the camera away from himself and spoke into the lens.
“Okay, we will be attempting to communicate with the shadow figure we caught on camera earlier.. We have two devices we will be using. This is a bit of an experiment to see if the answers we get on two different pieces of investigative equipment match. Don is using a spirit box. This tool rapidly scans AM/FM radio frequencies to create white noise, allowing spirits to communicate through snippets of sound. If we pick up phrases, that means the spirit is using several frequencies to speak to us. Mary, can you explain the tool you’ll be using?”
“Ahh … Sure, Spooky. This is the ovilus we use to help communicate with spirits by converting environmental changes, like EMF, temperature, and pressure, into audible words or visual text. It has a built-in database of several thousand words or phonemes. So spirits can use the database to respond to our questions or just speak their own mind to tell us what they need us to hear.”
“Okay, I think we are set to start. We will be asking several questions to get the shadow figure or anyone here to communicate with us. Hello, my name is Don. I’m here with my friends Mary and Spooky. We would … ”
Before Don could finish his statement, there was a loud bang from the east hallway, and then what sounded like someone running right at them. Mary screamed, immediately stood up, knocking her chair over, and backed away from the noise. 
        “Whoa, it sounds like we have someone here to speak with. Can you tell us who you are?”
A loud scream came from the spirit box.
“What was that?”
“It sounded like a man screaming.”
“Who are you? What do you want?”
A deep voice came from the spirit box.
“You don’t belong … here.”
“I know what I heard. What did you hear, Spooky?”
“I think I heard: You don’t belong here.”
“That is what I heard, too.”
“What does it mean?”
“It doesn’t sound like it wants us here, or maybe it’s trying to help us by telling us we shouldn’t be here.”
“I agree, Spooky.”
“I don’t think it is trying to help us or warn us. It is telling us why it is upset with us.”
“Mary, you really believe this thing means us harm, don’t you?”
        “Yes, I do. I can feel how powerful this thing is. It can hurt us.”
“That is disconcerting.”
Don looked at the camera for the next statement. 
“For those of you who are long-term followers, you know our process of investigation. We are in this building until 6:00 am. We are not quite to 1:00 am. So we will be here for another five hours. During that time, we will spend about two hours investigating alone. We think the entity that we are communicating with right now has shown itself as a shadow figure. It was following me when we did our solo walk through of the three wings of the building.”
“Why do you believe we don’t belong here? Isn’t this a place of healing? Aren’t the doors open to anyone?”
Mary jumped as the ovilus announced a word in its monotone, electronic voice.
“DEATH.”
“What did that say?”
Mary held the ovilus up to the camera so the word could be seen.
“It said, death!”
“Why did you say death? Whose death are you talking about?”
“You will not ……ldjhfh.”
“I didn’t understand the last word you said. Can you repeat it?
“The ovilus has a word, but no vocal response.”
“What is the word?”
“Trapped, look here is the screen.”
She pointed the small screen in front of the camera. 
“Who is trapped? Are you trapped here?”
As Don asked the questions, three doors in a row slammed shut in the west wing. All three of the investigators jumped, shouted, or screamed. They were all standing now and looking around at each of the hallways. The noise had to have come from the west wing. They stood staring down the hallway. Until Mary interrupted their silence and spoke.
“What the hell was that?”
“I think doors were slamming down the hall!”
“We’ve never had that much activity all at once. Do you realize the amount of energy it would have taken to close that many doors? I think Mary may be right about how strong this entity is.”
“Was that you? Are you the shadow figure? You said we don’t belong here, and then we got the word “trapped”. Are you angry that you are trapped, and we can leave? Is that why we don’t belong here?”
The three of them were all standing, watching all around themselves, waiting for some kind of a response. One minute passed, then another, and so on until nearly an hour went by.
“It was so wild to start with, and now it has gone totally quiet. What happened?”
“I can feel it, they are right here, all around us. They are just watching us.”
“I think we need to change things up. They are more likely to interact if we are alone. Each of us should take a different floor and see if we can communicate with a spirit here.”
“That is not a good idea.”
“Mary, I understand you are concerned about this shadow figure. It has already had chances to harm us and hasn’t. We need the content. We came here to get it, and we are going to do so.”
“Fine, I don’t think anything I say will matter anyway. We are not leaving here.”
Mary was nearly despondent as she spoke. Her premonition was very dark, and she felt they had already crossed the line of no return. There was no escape at this point. Spooky looked at her and felt a shiver go up his spine. He had never seen her speak with such despair.
“I could use a little more positivity here.”
“It will be fine, Spooky. I think Mary is dealing with some issues related to nightmares she has had this week.”
“Maybe she shouldn’t be alone. What do you think, Mary?”
“I’ll be okay. If this is going to happen, I want the chance to communicate directly with them for one time before … ”
Mary’s voice trailed off, and she didn’t finish her statement. She just started walking toward the stairs.
“I’ll take the first floor. You two can decide what you’re doing.”
The way Mary walked away was out of character for her. Don wasn’t particularly upset with it, because the controversy would make for good chatter in the comments. When it came to keeping followers, he knew that any storyline that got people talking was good for the channel.
“She really thinks we are in trouble here, doesn’t she?”
“Yes, she had a nightmare about that shadow figure, and she thinks he, or it, can actually kill us.”
“Are you certain she is wrong? Her psychic vision has been right on a lot of things since we have been together.”
“Have we ever received actual injuries from spirits?”
“I heard what you said earlier. We have had small stuff happen, that’s all, but she has never acted like this before. This time could be different.”
“Okay, I have one teammate acting over the top. I don’t need a second one. I need to count on you, Spooky.”
“Alright, alright, let’s do this thing. Are we doing floors two and three, or is one of us going to the tunnels again?”
“I think the third floor and tunnels.”
“Okay, well, I’ll take the tunnels, I guess, that way I can get to Mary if she is having issues.”
“That sounds good. Stop at the control room and grab the other ovilus. I want us all to try to communicate with whatever is here.”
“Will do.”


*****


        Dorian Brendon had found his way into the Lockwood from the roof. There was a hatch on the roof that opened onto the stairwell at the end of the west wing. That allowed him access to the whole building. He was waiting for the witching hour for his ritual. He had the location where he intended to perform it prepared. He was upset that the building was being used by whoever was with the RV out front. These people were attempting to disturb the paranormal energy that he was counting on to assist in his efforts to bring forth Balsadore.
        He could hear the sounds of someone at the end of the hallway. These people needed to be gone. He had not done all that he had done in preparation to be Balsadore’s hand on earth. He had done what he had to make himself worthy of his demonic lord. If he had to do more to ensure the success of his mission, so be it.


*****


        Mary was sweating as she walked to the first floor. It was as though she was walking her last steps to the gallows. She knew beyond a doubt she was never leaving the Lockwood. She was doomed to become a resident for all time. It was not death that she feared; it was an everlasting haunting trapped under the control of the shadow figure. She was still uncertain what it was, but it was in charge of the building. It had been playing with them for its own entertainment. When it became bored with them, it would dispatch them quickly. It was too much like her nightmare.
        She made it to the end of the west wing hallway on the first floor. That was where she would attempt to speak with one of the human spirits in the building. She hoped the others would keep the shadow figure busy enough that she could get the interaction she hoped to experience at least once before she met her fate.
        She pulled the ovilus from her backpack and began.
        “Hello, my name is Mary. I would like to communicate with anyone willing to talk with me. You needn’t be afraid of me, I mean you no harm. Can you tell me your name or what job you performed here?”
        Mary waited for a response, but there was nothing.
        “Please speak with me. I have spent my adult life investigating the afterlife. I want to know more. You can help. I can feel all of your presence around me. Won’t one of you talk to me?”
        “Danger.”
        “There is danger, you are right. I am aware of it, but I can’t leave. I already know we will find out the doors are all chained and locked. We're prisoners here. The others don’t know that yet.”
        “Run.”
        “What good would running do?”
        “Knife.”
        “Knife? Who has a knife?”
        “He’s coming.”
        “Who is coming? What are you talking about? What is your name?”
        Mary was concerned about the nature of the words she was getting on the ovilus. They seemed so specific. Danger, run, knife, and he’s coming. The words she had gotten from the device in the past were much more random and less cohesive as a train of thought. This sounded like a spirit was warning her about someone coming to harm her with a knife. That did not make sense to her.
        She believed the shadow entity could and would harm them before the night was through, but the paranormal wouldn’t use a knife. It was much more likely they would be pushed on the stairs, or maybe have something fall on them. The force it would take to wield a knife was not in the realm of the paranormal she had studied.
        Suddenly, she heard noises coming from the stairway at the end of the west wing. It was only about thirty feet away from her at that point. It sounded like someone running down the steps. It had to be Don or Spooky Boy. It was too audible to be the remnants of a spirit running toward her. She decided to head to the stairs to see why one of the guys was running in her direction so quickly. Perhaps there had been an incident with one of them.
        Just as she got to the door that opened into the stairwell, it burst open toward her. She was startled, and before she could react, the hooded figure was on her. There was a hand across her mouth stifling the noise, and a knife swung up above her and then came down and across her throat. She could feel the cold steel slice into her deeply. Her body immediately went into shock as she grabbed at her neck, attempting hopelessly to hold back the gush of blood.
        Mary’s legs buckled as her strength waned due to loss of blood. She hit the floor still partially conscious. She watched the hooded figure bend down over her, once again flashing the knife. Her last sight was the blade moving toward her right eye, and then she was gone. The hooded figure continued their gruesome labor, removing both eyes. The figure grabbed Mary’s jacket and wiped the blade of the knife clean. 
        Loud static came over Mary’s walkie-talkie, and then the voice of Spooky Boy Boo.
        “Mary, are you doing okay? Don is a little too carried away with this whole shadow thing. Sorry, he’s not listening. Do you really think we are in danger?”
        The question hung in the air above the lifeless form of Mary the Medium. The hooded figure picked up the walkie-talkie and, in a gruff whisper, responded.
        “Yesssss!”
        Spooky was thrown by the rasping male whisper he received. 
        “Mary, are you there? Are you okay? Who was that on the walkie? Did you hear it? Mary? Mary?”
        There was no answer, and there wouldn’t be, at least not in human form. The hooded figure walked into the darkness of the west wing, humming a children’s song.
        Spooky was not sure what had happened. The voice that responded was not Mary's. It could be that the spirits blocked the transmission and answered without Mary ever getting the original. He had that happen before. 
        He was in the tunnels. That was not the most comfortable place to be. It smelled like mold and mildew. It obviously was dark; the darkness he was experiencing seemed different. It was as though it swallowed the light from his flashlight, and he could barely see right in front of himself. As he walked, he could hear the water splash under his feet. He stopped to look around, but the splashing did not stop. He looked back to see who was following, but nothing was there. He spoke into his camera for the followers.
        “This place is beyond what we have experienced before. I think this is where Don and I turned back before. From this point on, I’m not sure of the direction to go. It looks like there are at least three different directions the tunnel goes up ahead. According to the schematic we looked at before our investigation, the tunnel should go through the basement of the original Lockwood hospital. That is the three-story rock building from which the wings extend.
“It then only goes halfway down the other two wings. The boiler that killed Zuwiki is in the center wing tunnel. That was the doctor who was involved with several married nurses. One of them committed suicide when he would not accept the child. She jumped from the roof of the original stone building in the center of the complex. Two others met the same fate, but it was unclear how they came to fall from the same spot as the first. The doctor could have pushed them. He really sounds like a cruel individual. The description of his death sounds horrific. The steam boiled the skin off his body.  We will keep moving and continue our investigation there.”
He held his flashlight up as he considered which direction he needed to go for the center tunnel. He stood for just a moment, and a figure flashed from one of the tunnels into the next one. Spooky stood stone still. Had he really just seen that? 
“Ha ha ha.”
“Was that a laugh? Who is there?”
Spooky was seriously on edge. He had heard sounds and whispers before, but this was different; it was taunting him.
“Arrghhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!”
Spooky nearly jumped out of his skin. That scream echoed through the tunnels. He really could not tell where it had come from. It could have been behind him or in front of him. It reverberated all around him. He wasn’t sure what to do. He was not ready to walk into whatever had screamed. The problem was that he didn’t know which direction was toward the scream and which was away from it. He had to ask himself, can you truly run from a ghost? 
He decided to move forward, hoping the scream had been meant to scare him out of the place. That would mean it wanted him to run back to where he came from. That is, of course, assuming a ghost could think strategically. 
Spooky was starting to scare himself out of thinking straight. As he moved through the tunnel, he kept looking back repeatedly. Each time he stared into the dark, he thought he could see something. Was it all in his head, or was there something chasing him through these damn tunnels? He was regretting offering to take them. He just wanted to be out of there. 
Spooky was almost running as he tried to make his way out of the tunnels. His obsession with looking back to see if anything was chasing him ultimately caused him to fall. He hit the wet, dirty floor in a full sprawl, dropping his flashlight in the process. 
“Great! Now I’m wet and smelly, my knee is sore, and my hands are gross.”
 The light was several feet away from him as he got back to his feet and started to wipe the muck from his hands on his pant legs. The light shone across the floor in front of him as it lay on the wet concrete. He was looking down as he wiped the persistent gunk off and attempted to straighten himself out. The stream of light was interrupted as though something crossed between him and the light. He jumped and looked up into the blackness of the tunnel.
“Who is there?”
He heard the squishing of the moist floor around him. He could tell he was not alone. He needed his flashlight. Taking a step toward it, he felt a sharp sting behind his right knee. The leg collapsed, and he fell again. The searing pain caused him to grab his knee. It was soaking wet. What was that? He held his hand close to his face and, through the dim reflected light, realized it was blood. He had been sliced across the area where the hamstring attaches to the fibula, severing the popliteal artery in the process. The result was a steady stream of blood gushing from the wound.
Spooky was already lightheaded and reeling from the shock of the attack when the knife whizzed past his ear and sliced his throat.
“Wha …ggghhhhhh.”
Lying in the damp, moldy muck covering the tunnel floor, Spooky’s life ebbed from the lacerations. His vision was dimming as the final injuries were inflicted upon his eyes.  
A hooded figure stood in the darkness with the light from the flashlight casting a glow across the tortured countenance of the now dead Spooky Boy Boo. Seemingly satisfied with their handiwork, they walked on down the tunnel singing a children’s song to the tune of Kookaburra.


“Raccoon sleeps in a hollow tree
While the sun shines on you and me.
Sleep, little raccoon,
Sleep, little raccoon,
Warm and cozily.


In the darkest part of night
Raccoon has the best eyesight.
Look, little raccoon,
Look, little raccoon,
My, your eyes are bright.


Raccoon hardly makes a sound
When he prowls all around.
Hunt, little raccoon,
Hunt, little raccoon,
Find food on the ground.” 


The figure in the hood took their time walking through the tunnel to the basement of the original central building. They walked up the stairs to the first floor. It was just them and Don Musgrave in the building. At least that is what they thought. It was time to rid the building of the last intruder. 
The control room set up by the Posse was located at the bottom of the large staircase that led to the second floor. The hooded figure stepped in to look at the monitors that were recording the stationary camera feeds. They could see Musgrave on the third floor. The investigator was working his way down the east wing hallway. He was checking rooms as he tried to communicate with the spirits.
The figure moved silently and deliberately up to the second floor. They had a task to finish. As they walked the halls of the Lockwood, memories flooded through their mind. A childhood interrupted, unreasonable expectations, and the loss of their most precious loved one. It was time for everything to come full circle. Time for redemption.


*****


“This is Don for Mary.”
Musgrave was standing in the middle of the east wing hallway on the third floor. He was attempting to check in with Mary the Medium. He felt he had steamrolled her earlier. He knew she was afraid for the team, but he had the business aspect of their relationship to consider. Still, he needed to make sure he mended any hard feelings before they created long-term problems. He had no idea that his paranormal skills might be more effective for communicating with his now deceased teammate.
“Mary, please respond.”
No response was forthcoming.
“Come on, Mary, please respond.”
Musgrave looked at the walkie and wondered if it was working correctly. It could be working, but Mary was refusing to respond. She had been very frustrated with him. He decided he needed to try calling Spooky.
“Hey, Spooky, can you hear me? I need to know if the walkie is working.”
Once again, he received no response, and once again, the recipient of his call was no longer among the living. Don spoke into the camera.
“Looks like the walkie is not working. I guess I’m on my own. This place has played some tricks on us already. I haven’t seen the shadow figure yet. I have tried to contact him with the spirit box, but there has been nothing so far. Let’s give it another try.”
Don pulled out the spirit box and started the rapid scanning of radio waves. 
“Is there anyone with me right now? If you want to communicate with me, you can use this device.”
A loud scream-like sound came from the spirit box. Don looked at it in surprise. For a scream to last as long as that one, the spirit had to be using multiple radio station waves.
“What are you screaming? Are you trapped here?”
“Murder.”
“Murder? Who was murdered? Can you tell me when that happened? Can you tell me your name?”
“Now.”
“What is happening now? Are you saying there is a murder now?”
“Get out.”
“Why do you want us to leave? We mean you no harm. We just want to communicate with you.”
“He … is … Coming.”
Musgrave was getting a little nervous. He had never had a session of the spirit box as specific and coherent as the one he was experiencing. He looked into the camera to speak.
“This is amazing. I haven’t had a spirit box session like this before. It seems to be warning me that something bad is about to happen. I’m going to turn the spirit box off and try to get vocal answers.”
        Don shut off the device and set up a couple of REM pods (Radiating Electromagnetic Field Pods). 
“A REM is a tool that detects disturbances in its electromagnetic (EMF) field, signaling potential paranormal activity with lights and sounds. I will place them in the hallway on either side of me. If something comes down the hall from either direction, the REM pod will sound off with loud beeps.”
Don set the second pod up and returned to his spot between them. He pulled out a recorder and began to ask questions. 
“Whoever was answering my questions earlier, I would like to hear your actual voice. Can you tell me if you are here right now?”
Musgrave waited for a response.
After a couple of minutes, Don asked a few more questions.
“The little box I am holding can record your messages. Is there something you want me to know? Help me tell your story. Who are you? Why are you still here? Talk to me, I will be able to hear you on this recording device.”
Musgrave stopped the recorder and rewound the recording to listen for any answers. As he was about to hit the play button, there was a loud bang at the end of the hall. He quickly pointed his flashlight in the direction of the noise. He could not see anything. He stared into the darkness, searching the shadows for signs of movement. There was nothing there. He was about to go back to listening to the recording when the REM went off. 
Don jumped and spun around to look at the device. 
“Are you right here with me? Who are you? Tell your name.”
Don was getting very anxious. He started to think about Mary’s warnings. Maybe she was not delusional about the risks of this place. He looked at the recording device in his hand. He was apprehensive about listening to what might be on it. He had never felt that way before when he investigated. This building was different; it seemed more evil, as though there was something there that didn’t just want to scare him, it wanted blood. He slowly pressed the play button and listened. He first heard his questions
Is there something you want me to know? Help me tell your story. Who are you?
“Zuwiki”
 Why are you still here? Talk to me, I will be able to hear you on this recording device.”
“You can’t leave!” You … are … mine!”
All of the blood drained from Don’s face. He had never heard a voice that oozed so much wickedness and malice. It chilled Musgrave to the core. He felt threatened and very vulnerable. He needed to talk to his team members and get back together, now! 
“Mary, Spooky, Nick somebody, answer the walkie. Damn it, what is going on? It feels like I’m alone and surrounded right now. Is this building blocking the walkie-talkies? I don’t understand what is happening.”
Musgrave was a man used to being under control. He had done so many of these investigations that he rarely felt intimidated by the paranormal. The fact was, he thought much of it was just the overactive imagination of people walking in the dark. He tried to rationalize what was happening.
“Let’s stop and take a deep breath. I’m letting the atmosphere get to me. This is the same place it was when we walked through it earlier in the light. Most shadows are just shadows, most noises are just building creaks or rodents moving around. The loud bangs are caused by stuff falling from the ceilings and walls.”
The little “let’s get back to being rational” speech he was giving to himself was starting to calm him down. He took one more deep breath and shook himself. He turned his camera back on and prepared to continue his investigation. If there were going to be noises, he wanted to capture them for his audience. Content was king.
“Okay, we are just fine. We’ve been hearing noises down the hall, we received some menacing responses on the EVP, and the REM went off just a few minutes ago. We’ve had some very intelligent responses on the spirit box. It seems obvious we are not alone here. I think we should …. HEY, WHAT THE …”
Musgrave was shoved from behind and nearly fell.
“YOU DO NOT HAVE PERMISSION TO TOUCH ME!”
Don was struggling to keep himself from panicking. He had never been pushed like that. He had felt two hands on his back and then a forceful shove. The energy it would take a spirit to do that was beyond what he could imagine.
“That’s it, I’m out of here.”
Musgrave grabbed his equipment except for the stationary camera at the end of the hall and started to walk quickly toward the center of the complex, where he could take the main staircase down to the control center. Just as he started to leave, he looked back and standing in the hall was a hooded figure in what looked like a long robe. 
Musgrave increased his speed to a full run. He wanted out of the place as fast as he could get it done. When he looked back, the figure was no longer there. He kept running. He had about fifty feet to the stairs when he felt a hand on his shoulder and heard whispering.
“Youuuu … don’t ... belong … here!
Musgrave was breathing heavily, and through the puffs of breath, he spoke to whoever was talking to him.
“Okay … okay … I … ahh … I’m … going … just … ahh … let me leave!”
Sweat poured into his eyes even though the building was freezing. He was fumbling with the equipment and finally just dropped it all in an attempt to get to the staircase. He made it there and reached for the handrail when he was stopped dead in his tracks by a huge looming shadow that seemed to just appear in front of him. He jumped in surprise, losing his footing and lunging out over the steps, landing about halfway down and tumbling the rest of the way.
He lay at the bottom of the stairs between the second and third floors. He could not feel or move his legs. He was unaware that his neck was broken. His head throbbed, but his body felt numb. He could hear footsteps coming up the stairs.
“Mary, is that you? Spooky, are you there?”
He was hoping his friends had heard the fall and come to help him. Instead, he saw a hooded figure approach. The face was hidden in the shadows of the hood. 
“Who are you? What are you doing here? Are you human or … ”
His question was cut short by the sweep of a knife across his throat. The figure leaned down toward his face. Don’s eyes widened as if recognizing the person. He could not speak as the blood gushed from his neck, taking his last minutes on earth with it. The look in his eyes changed from recognition to pleading. He still wanted to live.  Those eyes were still begging for mercy as the knife gouged them one at a time, causing a muffled gurgling scream to be the last utterance of Don Musgrave.
________________


Chapter 9


        The van was cold, and he had been tied up for hours, bouncing around in the vehicle. His head was in so much pain, he could hardly think. He had no idea where he was, and no way to call for help. Ben Osborn felt hopeless and destroyed. Even if he received assistance, what good would it be? He had no eyes to see or tongue to speak. He wanted to cry, but that too had been taken from him. He felt he had been used and thrown out, like so much garbage. He just wanted to die and end the misery.
        When the van door opened, he thought death was indeed the next step. He felt pressure all around him. Not really like hands, but the ropes on his wrists loosened and fell off. He was free, but to do what? He could not see, and he had no frame of reference as to where he was. He could not ask the identity of the individual helping him or why they were doing it. He felt that pressure again, urging him to crawl out of the van. He could feel he was outside. The cold air heightened the pain where his eyes had once been. It seemed like he was being pushed, but he couldn’t feel hands. He walked cautiously one step at a time. He heard the sound of metal rattling. Like corrugated steel was being moved, and it made that fake sound of thunder.
More pressure as he was forced inside a building, and then up the stairs, so many steps. Each one was a stumble and slide as he went without sight. He reached to his sides to find a handrail, which helped as he continued his upward ascent. Finally, he was climbing a ladder to what felt like a hatchway. He could feel the wind and then a whisper.
“You’re on the roof, stand still, I’ll call you when it’s time.”
Ben thought. Time for what? Why was he on a roof? The thought of a roof reminded him of getting caught. That ended so badly; his heart started racing as he thought of how he was tortured and mutilated by the person in the hood. Was that who had brought him up here?


*****


Dorian Brendon had returned to the roof a few minutes earlier. It was now 2:55 am. He was nearing the time he would call forth his lord, Balsadore. He had finished his preparation; he felt the building’s spiritual inhabitants were ready to provide the energy he required to call out the demon. Brendon walked to the pentagram he had created there and placed a ritual rug upon which he knelt. Beside the rug was the bucket he had prepared with the sacrificial blood his lord would require. He dipped his right forefinger into the bucket and used the blood-covered digit to draw a crossed circle on his forehead and two lines with arrowheads on each one, one pointing up and one pointing down. He opened the book and turned to the incantation he had practiced so many times. He then plunged both hands in the bucket. He raised the bloody hands above his head and began his ritual chant.


“From the pit of eternal flames we call thee to rise!
Dark Lord, hear my plea, I beseech thee to answer my call.
Absolutus etcum resurectude eterndid Rex!
Come forth from the shadows and rule the light.


“Vengeance is thy name. Thy power is beyond the mortal world.
Angrious motum greco santorum.
Angrious motum greco santorum.
Take me as your right hand to do your bidding.


Rip the veil of shadow and walk this unworthy plane.
Bring forth your power and vanquish the wicked.
Swallow the world in your dark glory.
Et pra demeanon exulto et provenius!


        Brendon’s words echoed into the frigid night air. The moonless sky winked with stars peeking between the clouds. Other than the boy’s chant, there was a strange silence. In the building below his feet, three bodies lay seeping the last of their blood onto the floors of the building that was once dedicated to healing. 
        Ben could hear the boy that he once considered a friend. He recognized portions of his incantation. He realized he had to be standing on the roof of the Lockwood. If he could get his hands on Dorian, he would choke the guy for what happened to him. It was his fault that he had been out there the night he was assaulted. Dorian had sent him there. But if he was out there,doing the ritual was Crystal with him? What about Dan and Bobbie? They were all supposed to be there.
        As Dorian waited for his chant to take effect, the wind picked up, blowing snow in little swirling mini-tornadoes across the roof. Then Dorian could swear he felt the roof shudder. It had to his dark lord Balsadore. Excitement filled the boy’s body as he was certain his incantation had worked, and he indeed called forth a demonic presence.
        His eyes were focused on the center of the pentagram. He thought to himself, if he had done everything correctly, he would see the demon rise from that spot. A swirl of snow circled the center of the drawing. As Dorian watched, he could swear the snow was gaining speed. Then the snow darkened as it was enveloped in a shadow billowing up from the roof. It grew until it towered over the boy. His heart was pounding as he watched what he was sure was the demon materializing before his eyes. He waited for the beast to acknowledge him as his right hand on earth, but there was no sound. When the shadow had finished its rise, it hovered over Dorian as if inspecting the slim little figure before it. 
When it appeared, there was no communication coming forth from the demon; Dorian spoke.
“Dark lord, I called you forth. I offer myself as your right hand on earth. Please allow me to serve you. There is much to do here. I have enemies over whom we must prevail.”
The shadow hovered, offering no response, but it closed the space between itself and Dorian and then vanished. Dorian stood confused by what had just happened. Had he failed? Was Balsadore invisible? Did he have the power of his demonic lord? How would he know? Maybe he should test his powers. How could he do that? He went back to the book, hoping he had missed something about the type of power the hand of Balsadore would wield. He couldn’t believe that, after all the time he had spent in preparation, he had not thought about what he would be able to do once he achieved his goal. 
Dorian’s mind was so cluttered with his confusion that he was oblivious to what was happening around him.
Ben was still standing by the hatch. He was afraid to move for fear he would step off the roof. It was not so much that he feared dying; it was more an issue of wanting to exact some form of revenge on Dorian. Ben felt his life was over, but he did not want to let Dorian off the hook for putting him in this situation. And then the whisperer was back.
“Come with me, I will take you to him.”
Ben wondered who the whisperer was referring to. Who were they taking him to? Was he talking about Dorian? Or had Dorian been successful in his demon summons, and was he going to Balsadore? If it were the latter, then he was certainly dead. Dorian must have assumed he was no longer a friend. Ben knew quite well that Dorian wanted revenge on everyone he felt had wronged him, no matter how minor the transgression might be. Balsadore was his super weapon, to be used to destroy those whom Dorian singled out.
Ben went where the whisperer directed. He walked slowly, assuming at any moment he would be falling to his death. He realized how foolish his caution was. In a way, falling would be okay. His life felt like it was already over. It would end the pain; he needed that searing pain to stop. His acceptance that death would be a blessing gave him the courage to walk at full stride 


*****
It was 3:15 am. Sally was standing beside the wrecked vehicle behind the cabin at the Brendons’ home. She was numb from the cold and the exhaustion of the day. She needed to know who was in that car. The coroner and the forensic team had taken nearly an hour and a half to extract the corpse from the crumpled, burned vehicle.
They had spent another half hour examining the body. Sally figured they had been at it long enough to give her some answers.
“You guys have been at this for two hours. What can you tell me about the victim?”
“You know I will issue a full report after I have a chance to do a full examination at my office.”
“Listen, Doc, I have three kids missing out here. I need to know if we just found one of them. If we did, that means there is at least one other kid in danger and maybe one that is running off the rails, so I need to know what you can tell me now.”
“Well, I can’t tell you much, but based on the pelvic configuration, I’m certain the driver was a female.”
“A female, can you give me an age range?”
“Again, I will know more once I get her back to my office.”
“Give me your opinion, based on what you have seen so far.”
“She looks young, I’d say under twenty.”
Sally kicked the snow as she turned from her conversation with the coroner. That pretty much meant she was looking at Crystal Osborn. She turned to Tom Clark.
“Tom, are we sure she was driving when the vehicle wrecked?”
“It looks like it. I can’t be totally certain until we do a full breakdown of the information, but my initial thought is that she was in the car alone.”
“Does it appear there was anything done to the car, the brakes, or the steering?”
“No, it looks like the car was in good shape, but that is an opinion. All I can say is that there is nothing suspicious that is easily visible tonight. You have to understand there is only so much we can do, given the circumstances. In the light of day, we should have a better idea of what exactly happened. At first blush, it looks like she ran into the tree and then caught fire.”
“If it wasn’t due to tampering, why did the car run off the driveway into the tree?”
Sally had a thought as she asked her last question. What if it wasn’t the car that had been tampered with? She recalled the missing drugs from the veterinarian’s van. She needed to talk to the coroner again. She headed up to where he had parked his van. 
“Before you leave, I have another question.”
“Okay, I am ready to take the body back to the office. What do you need?”
“Is it possible the victim had been drugged?”
“I would not be able to tell you that until I have the chance to do some tests … ”
“Let me guess, back at your office.”
“Deputy, I understand you’re being anxious for information. My work is a science. I need to have the time to truly test everything, so that what I tell you is accurate and not a guess.”
“Okay, okay, Doc. I’ll let you go so you can get the facts.”
“As soon as I know anything I think will be helpful, I will call you.”
“Okay, thanks.”
Sally needed to go to the Lockwood. That was where she believed Dorian Brendon was going to attempt to summon a demon. As crazy as that sounded, the kid believed he could do it on the roof of the old sanatorium. She realized she was not just tired. She was physically and mentally exhausted. So much had happened that day, and she was now nearing twenty-four hours on the job. She did not dare go to the Lockwood alone. Her thinking speed was off, her emotions were on edge, and her frustration and anxiety had peaked hours before. She was uncertain how she would react when she finally confronted the perpetrator. 
Perpetrator, the word lingered in her mind. She realized it was a singular assumption. She had conflated the murders and the kidnapping. What if two unrelated persons performed two different criminal acts? That seemed far-fetched. The coincidence element was always suspect in her line of work. Why would two separate acts be taking place around the Lockwood? It was more likely that the acts were related in some manner. It had to be Dorian Brendon. Fred had scrawled the D O in the dirt. Crystal Osborn was found dead in a wrecked car that had been dragged behind the cabin at the Brendon house. The kid was loony enough to think he could summon a demon to vanquish his enemies; it all added up. 
One thing that continued to gnaw at her was the raccoons and then the people. Why was he killing and gouging out eyes? That didn’t fit the whole scheme. How would killing random deputies at Dober Grumby’s place be related to this whole demon summoning thing? She then realized applying logic to a crazed killer was not a worthwhile endeavor. At that moment, Tom Clark’s voice seemed to be calling her from somewhere in the distance.
“Earth to Sally. Are you awake or asleep with your eyes open?”
“What? Huh, what do you mean?”
“I’ve been talking to you, but you’ve been somewhere else. You haven’t heard a word I said, have you?”
“Ahh … no, I guess my mind was on other things. What were you saying?”
“I should have told you earlier, the blood actually did show human traits.”
“What blood?”
“The blood around the table at Dober Grumby’s place. The first tests came up negative, but we went back and pulled samples from other stains on and under the table. We found human blood.”
Sally’s brain was too tired to do the mental gymnastics of piecing that information into the puzzle she had before her.”
“You’re going to have to help out here. What does that mean?”
“Well, I suppose it means you can assume whoever was torturing raccoons had moved up the food chain and started to do the same to humans. Now, before you get back on the Dober train. His blood was one of the samples.”
Sally gave Tom a sort of blank look. She was so drained by the investigation and all the deaths that she was rendered nearly unresponsive. Tom figured she needed a little help thinking through the information.
“So, Dober was not the killer; he was one of the victims. Whoever did this killed Dober and used his cabin as their own little torture chamber. There was something else that was strange.”
“Now you think something is strange? This whole thing has been strange from the beginning.”
“I guess that is true. But when we really got looking at the cabin interior, we noticed what seemed like a scarecrow figure seated by the fireplace.”
“A scarecrow?”
“Well, maybe more like an effigy. It was dressed in jeans and what looked like what once was a lab coat. It was old and worn, pretty dirty too. It could have been a shop coat of some kind.”
“So what does that mean?”
“That one is for you to figure out. It seemed to be set up to be the audience for whoever was doing the torture and mutilation.”
“Is there anything else? I’m not confused enough; there must be something more, like you found signs of aliens.”
“Good to see you haven’t lost your sarcasm in all of this mess.”
“It’s probably my last day on the force, so I might as well go out swinging.”
“Hang in there. I don’t think I have ever known a law enforcement officer more committed to finding the truth in a case than you.”
Sally gave Tom a tired, sad smile as he walked away. He was kind, but she knew she had stumbled quite badly on this case. It was time to finish it, and in her heart she knew that finish was at the Lockwood. She needed another deputy to go with her. She was standing beside her vehicle, looking around the scene at the Brendon estate. There were now three deputy teams, the forensic team, and the coroner, who was now leaving. Most of these people were going to be staying until the sunlight to finish the investigation. There had to be one of these deputies she could talk into leaving with her.


*****
        Standing on the third floor, looking down from the top of “Grand Central”, a blood-covered, hooded figure was consumed by memories he had blocked for so many years. 
        “Go ahead, get in the car. We will be taking you to our house. We have a room that you will be staying in while you are with us. How long that is going to be is up to you. We won’t be adopting you unless it looks like it will work out. I tell you all of this so you understand we will always be honest with you. What we expect is obedience and your best and hardest work. Now, if you understand, we will go to our house.”
        “I understand. What do I call you?”
        “For now, just call us Mr. John and Ms. Wendy. We will be calling you Irish. You have not yet earned the right to be addressed by your real name.”
        The young boy got into the car. He was not sure what Mr. John had in mind for him to earn the right to be called by his real name. This was different than the other foster homes he had been in. They usually talked all nice and friendly at first. Then they ignored him for the most part. They wanted him more for the money they were paid to care for him. He was more of a burden than a family member. These people seemed to be throwing out a business deal rather than the offer of a permanent family. 
        As he rode to the home of the couple in the front seat, he considered his situation. He had been in five foster homes since he lost the last of his family. He was what the system called eligible. There was no father of record, and his mother had died of a drug overdose after abandoning him. He was alone. Though he was considered available to adopt, he had floated through five foster homes since he was seven. Those had ranged from nice, but unprepared to deal with him to abusive and in the foster program for the money. None had provided a home; at best, they had been room and board.
        This new couple made no pretense at offering love or warmth. They were cold and had expectations. If he met those expectations, they may consider a long-term arrangement. Luckily, the boy was gifted with an above-average intellect. Between that and the amount of experience he had on his own, he knew how to play the game. He was tired of bouncing around. He needed a place he could call home, no matter how flawed it may be. He wanted to get an education and get on with his life. 
        If that meant pretending to dance to their tune, he could do that as long as the tune was not too far off tempo. Since he knew how to play the game, he also knew how to sabotage it. He could act out in ways that made it impossible for a couple of the families to keep him. He had the will to outlast threats and punishment to get what he wanted. At ten, he was a practiced manipulator, skilled in the politics of power. 
For all of his hard-fought worldliness in human dynamics, he lacked the ability to feel empathy or true love. Perhaps he was an excellent fit for the frigid couple with whom he was now paired. Time would tell. 
He watched out the window as they drove through the southeast side of Eau Claire and out Hwy 12. They passed the Gemini Drive-in theater. “Raiders of the Lost Ark” was playing. Some of the kids he had met talked about seeing that new movie. He had never been taken to a movie theater or a Drive-In. 
“Is there any chance we could see that movie? I’ve never been to one.”
That was when he first noticed Mr. John’s eyes. In response to his question, the man had stopped the car and spun his head around to stare directly at him. His eyes were black and soulless. His gaze was filled with contempt and judgment. He would learn to hate those eyes. After leveling that horrid stare, Mr. John spoke.
“We don’t waste our time on frivolous entertainment. A person is better served reading or working. Improving one's mind and body is far more important than filling their head with fantasies like that.”
The boy looked at Mr. John. The man’s face was filled with elitist pride in his criticism of the value of movies. The eyes closed just enough to appear to be looking down at the boy, signaling his superiority. There was no need to attempt to question Mr. John’s assessment of the form of entertainment. The boy could tell it was a point of pride, and his opinion was not going to change.
Shortly after passing the Gemini, they turned onto Markgraff Road. Two miles down that road, they entered the driveway of a farmette. This would be the boy’s home until further notice. He crawled out of the car and looked around. There was a small barn and two other outbuildings, a chicken coop, and a pig barn. The place was run down, but tidy. 
“Grab your bag and follow me.”
The boy followed Mr. John into the house. It smelled of boiled cabbage and cigarette smoke. Neither of which was very pleasant to the boy. He followed his foster “parent” up a narrow staircase to what had been the attic of the house. There was no true second floor. The space had been enclosed with plywood and painted white. There was a braided rug that covered the rough boards of the attic floor in front of the single bed, which was covered with an old quilt. There was no closet, but there were pegs along the wall opposite the bed and a small chest of drawers. 
“This will be your room. You are responsible for keeping it looking like it does right now. There will be no nailing up pictures, no drawing on the walls or floor. There will be no food allowed up here; we have enough trouble with mice; we don’t need to be inviting them around the house. The bedclothes are to be stripped and brought downstairs every Saturday morning for washing. Your clothes will be washed twice per week, so keep them from getting dirty. Unpack and meet me in front of the house. I will teach you your daily chores outside.”
Mr. John exited the attic, and the boy sat on the bed for a minute just to take in all that he had seen and heard so far. He was in a very regimented home. Was that going to work for him? He had to think about it; he didn’t have time at that moment to do that since he was expected outside. He quickly unpacked his few belongings, which fit into two of the drawers of the chest. He then went downstairs. Ms. Wendy was in the kitchen as he walked past. She did not speak to him. Outside, Mr. John was waiting. His eyes squinted at the boy as he spoke.                                                 
        “That took too long. You are going to learn that when I say I will be waiting for you, I expect you to move at lightning speed.”
        “Sorry, I was just looking at the room to make sure I had put everything away correctly without disturbing anything.”
        “I don’t want excuses. Excuses are for the weak. Learn to do things right the first time so you don’t waste time rechecking your work.”
“Yes, sir, I’ll try.”
Mr. John’s eyes glared with disdain for the boy.
“NO! You won’t try, you will do it right the first time!”
The boy was a little shocked by the forcefulness of the man. He wondered just how often Mr. John did not do things right the first time. He was sure, by the looks of the farmette, there were plenty of mistakes made running the place. He chose to bide his time before saying anything that might rile the guy. He already hated the man. He had plenty of cause, but the eyes were enough of a reason.
“Follow me. You will be responsible for feeding the chickens and the hogs twice a day. I will show where the feed is and the measurements for each.”
It took about an hour for the two of them to get all of the chores completed. When that was done they entered the house.
“Take your shoes back outside and wipe them in the grass. Once that is done, use the rags from the bucket beside the front door. Once the shoes are clean, remove them. We do not track barnyard muck into this home. Is all that I’ve explained to you completely clear?”
“I think so. …”
The boy stopped and immediately changed his answer before Mr. John could respond.
“I mean, yes, I understand.”
“Good”
“Ms. Wendy should have our dinner ready in about fifteen minutes. Come with me, I will show you where the bathroom is. You will wash your hands before every meal. You will then report to her in the kitchen to set the table for our meal.”
The orders and rules were endless from that day in 1981 until the boy was ready to leave for college.
Life was not enjoyable at their home. There was never a relationship one could characterize as a family. They were an efficient unit. If the boy was ever deemed out of line, he knew the consequences would be harsh. Mr. John kept a broken rein from a bridle hanging in the porch entryway. The boy felt that piece of leather across his lower buttocks at least once a week. His transgressions could range anywhere from dropping a glass while setting the table to forgetting to change the water in the chicken coop. There was never room for a mistake. Each one, no matter how small, was dealt with in the same manner.
The boy was never allowed ownership of any type. Everything, including the clothes on his back, was the property of Mr. John. He made that clear regularly. The boy would have no belongings of his own until he could pay for them with money he earned from a job. That became painfully clear when Irish started feeding a stray cat. When he was twelve, he had discovered a stray cat behind the pig barn. It was sick and had obviously been in a fight. Its left eye was missing, and it limped on its front right paw. 
“Hey there, little guy. You look like you’ve been to war. Are you hungry? You wait here, I’ll bring you some food, okay?”
The cat was not certain it could trust Irish. He was not willing to allow him to pet it, but the soft words seemed like he was not going to harm him. As Irish ate breakfast, he snuck some of his eggs and sausage into a napkin in his pocket. Before getting on the bus, he ran out and fed his new friend. The cat walked toward the food tentatively. When it felt comfortable it was meant for him, he gobbled it down.
This went on for a week, and by the end of the seven days, Calico was Irish’s best friend. He would rub on the boy's leg the minute he arrived and allowed Irish to pet him while he ate. They became good friends and Irish was able to keep Calico a secret for nearly a month. Then one day, Mr. John got suspicious and followed Irish out after breakfast. When he spotted the boy feeding the cat a portion of his breakfast, he was enraged. 
“What do you think you are doing? You are throwing good food, my food, away on a ragged, mangy cat. I will not have my food wasted in such a manner. It is obvious we have been too good to you. Your meal portions shall be cut in half until you can prove yourself worthy of more. As for this piece of refuse, I will dispose of it.”
“Don’t touch Calico, he is mine.”
“Yours? You don’t own anything, especially this furball. He has been eating MY food. If he belongs to anyone, it is me. I decide what happens to my property! I can dispose of my property any way I choose.”
Mr. John trapped Calico in the corner of the barn. He snatched the cat up by the loose skin on the back of its neck and, with his bare hands, grabbed its head and twisted it until the cat's body went limp. He threw the animal at the boy's feet. Calico lay there with its eyes open, giving Irish a gruesome, dead stare. 
Tears pooled in the boy’s eyes, but he showed no signs of crying. Mr. John manhandled the boy and marched him to the porch, where the leather strap was stored. Twenty-two swipes of the old piece of horse rein whipped through the air, landing with a snap on the boy's backside. Irish refused to cry or give any sign of remorse. When it was done, he stood straight up, revealing none of the pain he was feeling, and stared at Mr. John with hate and disdain. 
By the time he was a freshman in high school, the punishments expanded to include any underachievement of grade expectations. These were rare, as the boy was extraordinarily bright. When they happened, they went into his memory as inspiration for the day he could pay these people back for the abuse he had endured over the years. The relationship between him and the foster/adoptive parents was never remotely loving. At best, there were days of peaceful coexistence.
The years rolled on, and the expectations grew. The day came when he graduated from high school. Mr. John sat him down to explain what his future would hold. Those eyes framed by furrowed caterpillar brows stared at him again. Those black, lifeless, cold eyes betrayed the greed he was about to unleash on the boy he called Irish.  
“You will attend college and get a degree in engineering. That way, you can get a good job. You will provide Ms. Wendy and me with a monthly payment for raising you.”
 Irish sat looking at his “father” in disbelief. He had just learned that this man felt he was entitled to own him for life. Even now, after all he had done, Mr. John was still not granting him the decency to call him by name and view him as a full-fledged human being. What had he done to deserve a portion of his income? 
Irish had worked for this man for eight years, ultimately doing all of the outdoor work. He had earned them money as essentially their slave for the majority of the time. Irish had more than paid his way. They weren’t even funding his college; that was all being paid through scholarships and grants Irish had earned. What right did he have to tell him what degree he would pursue in school?
Irish did not speak. He would bide his time. He had the summer to solve the problem. During that summer, Irish’s foster parents did something surprising. They brought a new boy home to stay with them. Irish wanted to warn the twelve-year-old about the type of home he was entering, but it seemed the boy had been knocked around for some time. And was just happy for the structure.
The kid was interesting; he wore glasses that were as thick as the bottom of glass soda bottles. Irish never had the chance to get to know him very well, but that was another story. When the summer ended, Irish went off to college, but not before sealing the fate of his foster parents. He would once again bide his time and allow the little surprise he had planned to take place at its own pace.
Memories are a strange thing. They can come in glimpses or flood one’s mind in full detail. The figure, still standing at the top of “Grand Central”, had relived those eight years in a few seconds. He felt every emotion, every pain, as if it were fresh and still raw. A person cannot run from all the events that formed them. Those things are all still there waiting to be revisited. They will not be buried. Even if you choose to ignore them, they will visit you, force their way into your very being. They will drive your actions, make you resolve issues you wanted to forget. 
 
*****
Barney Doyle was confused. A state in which he seemed to be finding himself far too often. He was standing in the road that ran from the gate to the sanatorium. He had to have been standing there for some time; his body was frozen. He could not feel his feet or his hands because of the cold. He attempted to walk, but he was stiff from the cold and apparently standing in one place for too long. He hobbled to his apartment at the end of the east wing. Once inside, he stood by the heat vent to thaw out. 
As he stood, he tried to recreate the last ten hours. How did he end up standing out there like that? The last thing he recalled was leaving the Lockwood after checking the building one last time before the Paranormal Posse took over and started their investigation. That was shortly before 6:00 pm the evening before. It was 3:00 am. Had he been standing out there ever since? 
He had warmed up enough to walk around his apartment. He went into his 
bathroom to wash his face and hands. His stomach was letting him know he had not eaten in quite a while. He looked at himself in the mirror and was shocked to see blood on the front of the sweatshirt he was wearing. Whose blood was it? He pulled it over his head and checked himself for wounds. Finding none, he became even more concerned. How had the blood gotten on him? What had he done? 
The whole situation produced flashbacks to the day his wife left him. He was never really certain he hadn’t hurt his ex-wife. That fear was now at the front of mind. He had been losing time recently, and each time he had experienced something that was chipping away at his sanity. He couldn’t believe it was happening again. He had experienced this before. Back when his wife left him, he had no idea what had happened to her. She was there, and then when she decided to leave him, she just disappeared. Her family thought he had done something to her, but he had no memory of harming her. There was no evidence that he had done anything wrong, just like when his brother was hit by the semi.  When she walked out on him, it hit him very hard. He started to drink and then take pain medications.
The self-medication was not a good recipe for solving any of his issues.  For a while, he was checked into a psychiatric facility to get help. It had taken close to a year for him to get straightened out. He carried the memory of that time every day. The professionals had determined it was a nervous breakdown. He was suffering from Dissociative Post-Traumatic Stress Disorders. The therapy that followed his rehab helped him accept the loss, but he never really got over it. The loneliness lingered and reminded him daily that he had been rejected again. As he had been by so many in his life. 
Death and rejection were the milestones of Barney’s life. Family members died in unimaginable ways, leaving him alone. Pets he dearly loved were taken from him and destroyed. It seemed every attempt at friendship was thwarted by circumstances that made getting close impossible. When he felt he had found that one person with whom he could build a life, they pulled away like everyone else and left him more alone than ever. He felt doomed to wallow in the mire of solitude until he, too, left the mortal plain. In the Lockwood, he had found acceptance. It wanted him. He felt destined to become one of its army of wandering souls.     
As Barney stood there reminiscing, he realized he was feeling sorry for himself. If he had hurt someone, he hardly deserved self-pity. He needed to find out what he had done. If he couldn’t remember, then he needed to go see it. He threw on his outdoor clothes and headed back outside to look around. He would check around the building and then inside. 
The snow crunched under his feet as he walked. The darkness of the moonless night created a black cocoon that surrounded him as he walked with his flashlight, his only means of seeing. He was walking very slowly, fearing what he was about to discover. The blood had come from somewhere, or rather someone. The amount of blood seemed to hint that he was not going to find someone injured. They were more likely beyond assistance. 
The Paranormal Posse’s RV was dark up ahead. He thought that was strange because Nick should be inside, and as Barney understood it, would be staying up all night in support of the trio inside. That should mean the lights would be on. As he neared the large vehicle, his flashlight fell upon what looked like a pile of clothes on the ground by the door of the RV. Standing over the pile, he realized it was a person. He reached down to shake them.
 “Hey, what is going on? Did you fall? Are you alright?”
There was no answer, and as Barney rolled the body over, he was presented with a ghastly sight. Beneath the body of Nick was a huge puddle of freezing blood. The front of Nick's clothes was soaked with blood. The true horror was the frozen scream of the man’s face, which was covered in blood and bore gaping holes where the eyes had been.
“Oh my god!”
Barney fell back into the snow and, in a swift scurry, crab walked away from the body. Tears filled his eyes as he wondered if he had done such a terrible thing. The image of the raccoon from a few weeks earlier filled his brain. It was the same eyes, the black, bloody eyes, gouged from the head. He stared at the gruesome image and searched his memory. Surely if he had done such a thing, there would be a memory of it somewhere in his mind. He didn’t know exactly what to do. He shouldn’t be around people if he had the capacity to do something like that. 
How could he stop himself if he didn’t know when he was doing these things? He needed a group of people around him, if for no other reason than to keep him from doing more harm. The Paranormal Posse was inside. He should get them to help. There were three of them. That should make it safe.  
He quickly went to the front door, only to find it chained shut and locked. He recognized the lock, but did not have the key. He had left the key in the lock where he stored it in the utility building behind the Lockwood. He needed to get to the secret entrance on the west end. That was an old door that had rotted away, so he covered it with corrugated metal. 
The snow was deeper around that side of the building. It faced the west and caught the full brunt of the wind as the drifts piled up. He trudged through the fluffy white dunes. The walking was slowed by the frigid piles. When he rounded the corner, he wondered where the tire tracks had come from. There shouldn’t be any vehicles back there. He held his light up to look further ahead and caught the glint of a reflector on the back of a van. 
“What the heck is that doing here? The back door is open.”
He walked up and opened it all the way. The floor of the vehicle was bloody. It had racks on either side filled with equipment and vials of what appeared to be medicine. He leaned back, closing the door so he could see the side of the van. It was Doc Blanchard’s veterinarian van. 
Barney’s mind exploded with questions. What is this doing here? Is Doc somewhere inside? Did someone steal it and drive it here? Whose blood is on the floor? Was Nick somehow mutilated here and then dropped outside the RV? Why would someone do that? What advantage would that be? Or, has someone else lost blood here? How many people have been killed? This was getting way out of hand. He needed to find Musgrave and the others and then call the police.
Barney walked over to the corrugated metal blocking the entrance. The fact that there was a set of footprints going into the building through that doorway already really bothered him. Had he done that? The snow obscured the prints enough to make it impossible to judge that, based on the size of the track. There was nothing to do but go in and see what was going on.
The metal made that thunder sound as he moved it. Walking into the lower level of the Lockwood was like walking into an electric storm. The energy was swirling all around Barney. He felt like he was being embraced by the building itself. The pressure all around him was nearly suffocating. He pushed on into the stairwell and up to the first floor.
“Hello, Mr. Musgrave, are you on this floor?”
There was no answer. Barney knew that sound didn’t carry well through the building. The space between floors had been insulated when they made a portion of it into an insane asylum. That kept the noise down, and should one of these patients scream, it did not disturb the other residents.
 Barney continued up the stairs to the second floor. He stepped into the hallway and aimed his light down the hall.
“Hello, Mr. Musgrave, are you on this floor? It’s me, Barney Doyle.”
There was still no answer. This time, Barney opted to walk down the hallway to “Grand Central”. If he was going to get any vocal advantage, it was in the large central area. As he walked, he had the feeling he was not alone. He could feel entities all around him. It was like the hallway was crowded with the souls of the departed. Out of the corners of his eyes, he caught glimpses of them. Nurses and patients went about their routines as they had repeatedly since they had passed on from their mortal lives. They were stuck in a constant rewind of their last days at the Lockwood. Barney was close to them, but not part of them. At least, not yet.
At the end of the hallway, there seemed to be something lying on the floor at the bottom of the stairs that led to the third floor. He crept closer, fearing the lump was another victim. Standing over the form, he recognized it as Don Musgrave. It looked like he had fallen down the stairs. He hoped he was only dazed from the fall.
“D … Don? Mr. Musgrave, are you okay? Have you been … ”
His words were cut short as he rolled him over; it was apparent he was dead. He was in much the same condition as Nick had been. 
“Oh no! Not you as well. How, why … what’s happening?”
Barney dropped to his knees. This was all too much. His life had been sad, full of disappointment and hurtful actions by others, but nothing he had experienced warranted doing something like this. If he was doing these things, that darkness he carried had to be responsible. It had to be much stronger than he realized. It would have to be. He could never do this to a person. 
Whoever was doing this had a specific manner in which they were killing. The throat was slit, and the eyes gouged out. The killer was especially cruel in their manner of dispatching their victims. 
Barney searched his mind for a reason he would do such a sick thing. He could not think straight at this point. He was ready to join the ranks of the marooned souls trapped at the Lockwood, but that was the easy way out. He had to face the penalty for his actions. The muddle that was growing in his brain forced him to stop and take a breath. He had to hold it together. He needed to find the other two and explain the situation to them, if he could do that. 
He walked down to the first floor. Entering the Posse’s control room he looked at the monitors. The stationary cameras were pointed down the three floors above ground, but there were no feeds from the tunnels below. He could not see any movement on the camera feeds from the hallways above or the first floor. That seemed odd. Why was Don so far away from the other two? Did they wander around individually the whole time they were investigating a location? That seemed unsafe. Then he considered that thought and how ridiculous it was since half of the people on Don’s team were already dead. 
Barney made his way down the steps to the main building's basement. From there, he could enter the tunnels. He never liked the casement of the central building. It was the oldest part of the whole complex. It was where the darkest of the spirits hung out. It was as though they were more comfortable in the creepiest place in the building.
Barney could hear the whispers of the building’s inhabitants. They seemed to be extremely agitated by the events of the evening. For a fleeting moment, Barney considered whether they might have killed his partners. He dismissed the thought as he assumed he was just hoping there was someone other than himself to blame. He walked on. He wanted to call out, but forgot the names of the other two members of the Paranormal Posse. 
“Once again, I have forgotten. Did I hear their names? I must have. My mind is so muddled I’m not sure what I know and don’t know. I’m a mess, I guess I always have been. Just a broken individual with a broken mind. My grandmother would be so disappointed. She was the only person, other than maybe Sally, who ever really cared about me. I wish Grammy were here now, singing her nursery rhymes and rubbing my head. I lost her when I was so young. From that point on, I guess I have been on my own. My life is messed up because I messed it up. I can try to blame it all on the way people have treated me my whole life, but it is how one reacts to what life gives them that is important. I haven’t carried myself above that treatment. I have stuffed the pain of it into the baggage I carry every day.”
Barney made his way into the tunnel and tripped over something. He was afraid to look down. He paused for a moment to collect himself and aimed the light at his feet. Lying there was the guy who was part of Don’s troop. Boo, something. When he bent down to see him more easily, he was met with the same horrific mutilation of throat and eyes. This one was not done as cleanly; one of the eyes was still dangling from its socket.  
Barney backed up and placed a hand on the wall to steady himself as his stomach churned, and then he vomited. His mind was blank as if he had been electrically shocked to the point of fritzing out. He shook his head and tried to reconnect to what was actually happening all around him. He was there alone with the four people of the Posse team. Who else could have done the terrible things? It had to be his fault. There was one more member of the Posse, and he feared what he would find when he came across her.  
“Mary! That was the woman’s name. I don’t know why that just popped into my head. At least I can call her name. Please god let her answer. I can’t handle another death tonight.”
Barney left the tunnels. It made sense that Mary was either on the first or third floors, based on the location of the other two. It looked like they had decided to investigate floors as individuals. 
On the first floor, Barney walked down the east wing hallway and found nothing. When he made it back to ”Grand Central”, he had to decide if he should go down the center hallway or the west wing hall. He chose the center hallway. It took ten minutes to go to the end and back. There was no sign of her. Barney stood in the middle of “Grand Central” and yelled.
“Mary, are you down there? Mary, please answer. I can tell you some of what you don’t know about this place. Just answer me.”
The thought crossed his mind that she was afraid to answer. Maybe she had seen that both of her colleagues were dead. She wanted to wait that long? At what point might the spirits begin to play tricks on her? Perhaps they wouldn’t do that because they were not looking to have her stay there the way they wanted him to remain. He decided he needed to walk down to the end of the west wing hallway. It was silly to assume she was hiding. Maybe she had headphones on and couldn’t hear him calling.
“I don’t want to startle you. I am walking down the west wing hallway. If you are there, please be aware that I am coming.”
It took about five minutes to work his way down the hall. He had to check every room as he walked past them. That took time. He was nearing the far end of the hall when a noise caught his attention. It came from back at “Grand Central”. He looked back to try to see what had made the bang. There in the center of the hallway stood the shadow figure.
“Who are you? What do you want from me? Did you do these things?”
There was no answer, but the figure moved out of the center of the hallway into the shadows, effectively disappearing.
“Where did you go? Are you trying to scare me? It is too late for that. I don’t care about my life. I just want to save Mary if I can. Leave me alone. I’ll be joining this circus soon enough.”
Barney stopped talking and stared down the hallway. There was no movement and only silence. He opted to continue his search for Mary. He was nearing the end of the west wing hallway when his light caught the form of a lump on the floor.
“Oh no, no, no! Not Mary. That poor woman. She can’t … no one would be that cruel. She can’t be … ”
Barney knelt and rolled her toward himself so he could get a good look at her face. 
“Why is this happening? I couldn’t, I wouldn’t … but I don’t know what I did. I was standing outside. I have no idea what I was doing for so many hours. I had the time to do this, and I had blood on my sweatshirt. I can’t understand why or how I could have done this, but I think I must have. Oh god, how could I, how could I … ”
Barney dissolved into tears. His life was over; he knew that. But why would he do these things? He had no reason … Then it hit him. The building did not want to be exploited. He had felt the Posse was going to stir up so much traffic. It was his job to protect the Lockwood. Was that what he thought he was doing? Did he even think about it, or was it just a reaction? If all he was doing was protecting the building, he might have killed them without realizing it, but why mutilate them? Why had the raccoon been subjected to the same treatment before them? He hadn’t known the Posse was coming when that happened. 
“Maybe the raccoon had been mutilated by someone else, and that somehow that was in my head when I killed the Posse members. That’s possible. In my therapy, they talked about re-enactment. That was when a cruel treatment an individual has experienced becomes part of their treatment of others. Was that what was going on in my screwed-up head?” 
Barney didn’t realize he was talking out loud until he heard the laughing.
“Ha ha ha ha.”
“Who is laughing? Is that the shadow? What is so funny? You think death is funny, don’t you? I’ll show you funny, I’ll show you!”
Barney was done with the whole thing. His life no longer mattered; he was not going to do anything more for the Lockwood. He had done too much as it was. He grabbed a length of rope from the scaffold by the stairwell and headed for “Grand Central” to end the problem. 
________________


Chapter 10
                                     
        Sally was at her wits' end. She believed that Crystal was now dead and Dorian had done it or was involved. She had to find the boy before he did anymore harm. She believed he was at the Lockwood. Her anxiety would be through the roof were it not for how weary she was. 
        Deputy Thomas walked from her vehicle over to where Deputies Hart and Stussie were parked. Standing by the car was Deputy Bernedette Hart. Sally had known her since before she joined the Sheriff’s Department. If anyone was going to be willing to go along with her, Sally felt Bernie was the one. 
        “Bernie, can I talk with you for a minute?”
        “Okay.”
        Bernie followed Sally as she walked toward the Brendon home away from the other officers on site.
        “What’s up?”
        “I need your help. I believe Dorian Brendon is over at the Lockwood. I think he is on the roof trying to summon a demon. I obviously don’t think he can do that, but he does. We already know Crystal Osborn is probably the victim of the car wreck. The only way I think she ended up behind that cabin is that Dorian pulled the car there. Why would he do that if he didn’t have something to do with her death?”
        “Okay, I agree with everything you said. What kind of help do you need from me?”
        “I need backup when I go to the Lockwood. I need you to go along with me.”
        “I think we will all be moving over there when it gets light.”
        “That could be too late. We need to go there now. I think if we wait, we will just find bodies.”
        “That sounds a little dramatic, don’t you think?”
        “I’ve seen two deputies slaughtered, a missing girl killed and burned, and discovered kids are going to try to summon a demon today. Are you really saying I’m being dramatic?”
        “Good point, sorry. I am just not sure we should head over there until we are in full force.”
        “I have been working for twenty-four hours on this case. Every step of the way, I have been behind. I am done doing that. If you won’t come with me, I’ll just go on my own.”
Sally started to walk to her vehicle. Bernie watched for about a minute and then realized she could not allow her to do that.
“Hold on, hold on. I can’t let you go alone. If you’re going to be that stubborn, I'd better go along to keep you out of trouble. Let me go tell Hank what’s going on.” 
“Thanks, Bernie. I’ll be in the vehicle.”
“I’ll be right there.”
Sally climbed into her cruiser to wait for Bernie. She pulled out her notes and tried to read through them to keep herself going. She feared that if she just sat there for a few minutes, she would be sound asleep.
Bernie walked back to where Hank was leaning on their vehicle, watching the wrecked car being analyzed by the forensic team. Most of the deputies on site were waiting for the court order that would allow them to legally search the whole estate. Even though Sally had already done so in what most were concerned was an illegal fashion. 
“Hank, I’m going to be leaving with Sally. She wants to do a walk-through of the Lockwood. She thinks the Brendon kid is over there with his occult stuff.”
“I don’t think you should be following her leads right now. I’m afraid she is way out of the box right now. The missing kids had her on edge, and now with the deputies brutally murdered under her watch and the Osborn girl dead, she is not thinking straight.”
“Unless we take her into custody, she is going with me or without. I can’t let her walk into something she can’t handle alone.”
“Can you talk her into waiting until we all go? It should only be a couple of more hours.”
“That’s the problem. She feels she has been one step behind all along, waiting is what she won’t do.”
“Okay, I will do my best to get released here, and I’ll be over as soon as I can. You be careful. She is in no condition to be a reliable backup.”
“I got it. See you over there when you can. Sooner if she is right.”
“Okay.”
Bernie started walking to Sally’s vehicle. She was a little concerned because Hank was right, Sally wasn’t herself. She was too tired and emotionally a wreck. If the stuff hit the fan, Bernie wasn’t sure how Sally would react.
It took about fifteen minutes for Sally and Bernie to get to the Lockwood. Bernie wanted to get a better idea of how messed up Sally was.
“What are you thinking we are walking into over there?”
“I don’t know. The Brendon kid’s friends said he intended to get on the roof and perform some kind of ritual that he learned from a book of the occult.”
“You think this kid really believes he can summon a demon?”
“Yes, I think he is deranged and dangerous. I believe he did something to cause the wreck that killed Crystal Osborn. Bobbie and Dan, the kids who were his friends, told me that Dorian sent the other Osborn kid, Ben, somewhere the night they were practicing the ritual. That was the last time anyone saw him. It could have been a trap Dorian had set up to take Ben. I think he's smart, has resources, and is psychopathic.”
“That is a lot for a kid, who is what, seventeen or eighteen?”
“That is plenty old enough to kill. It is not like that doesn’t happen every day somewhere. It just happens to be in sleepy Eau Claire County this time.”
“I suppose that is true.”
Bernie went quiet. Sally wasn’t wrong, but it seemed like such a leap for a boy who had done some small-time mischief to become a cold-blooded killer. Was he really someone who was able to create such intricate schemes?
She looked at Sally. Her face was drawn, her eyes seemed sunken in and dark. It was obvious the woman was running on fumes at this point. Bernie thought she should just be driving her colleague home, not walking into god knows what at an abandoned monstrosity like the Lockwood.
As the cruiser neared the gate of the property, Bernie asked Sally to stop.
“I think we need to have a plan of action that we can agree upon.”
“Fine, but every minute counts here.”
Sally was in no mood to take her time. She had been anxious to get over here for sometime and wasting time now was just frustrating.
“Listen, I don’t want to go in half-cocked and end up in trouble right away. We need to stick together and cover the place as a team. If you can’t agree to that, I’m out right now. We are here to protect the public, but our safety is important too.”
Sally understood Bernie’s concern. She didn’t like the limitations. In her mind, they needed to move quickly, but that may be very risky. Risk was just not concerning her. She wanted some answers, and she wanted them now! But arguing was just going to take more time.
“Fine, let's go. Okay?”
“Okay.”
Bernie looked at Sally. She was not sure how much agreement they really had. She was going to have to be extra careful; she was not sure she could trust Sally.
The gate was locked, so Bernie stepped out and retrieved a bolt cutter from the back of the vehicle. That quickly snapped the chain holding the gate closed. She swung the gate open and reentered the cruiser.
“Let’s go.”
“I’ll pull up over there. Barney should be here somewhere. I hope he is in his apartment here at the end of the east wing.”
“Barney? You mean the guy who is the caretaker out here? Barney D… o… y… l …e?”
Bernie had spelled the last name to make the point that his last name started with DO, the letters Fred had written in the dirt before his death.
“Yes.”        
“You still don’t think he could be involved? All of these things are happening within fifteen minutes of this place. It is like all roads lead here, and the only person that is here is your man Barney. I know you don’t want to think he could do it, but there was his brother and then his wife.”
“Nothing was ever proved about either one of them. He was never even charged. You’re making too much out of the bad luck he has had in his life. The man I know would never do anything to harm someone.”
“That does not sound like Sally the sheriff’s deputy; that sounds like Sally the potential girlfriend.”
“That’s not fair. I’ve been working on this case from the start. I should know who is a suspect and who is not.”
“You should, but I think you are blinded by other factors.”
“We’re here. That RV seems to be parked right in front of the door. I don’t know what that is all about.”
Sally tried to jump out of the vehicle, but Bernie grabbed her arm.
“Hey, slow down, this is what I’m talking about. We need to go as a team!”
“Well, get out, let’s go.”
“Fine, but we do this together.”
“Fine, fine, come on.”
The two deputies exited the vehicle. Bernie rushed around to the driver's side, and the two of them walked toward the door to Barney’s apartment. Sally knocked on the door. There was no answer. Bernie peeked in the side window.
“There are lights on in there.”
Sally knocked again louder.
“Barney, are you in there? It is me, Sally, Deputy Sally Thomas.”
Sally used her full name and title for Bernie’s benefit. She knew her colleague already suspected she was biased about how improbable Barney was involved in anything that had happened.
“It doesn’t look like he is in there, Sally. Now what?”
“I guess we check the building.”
“You intend to go inside that place, now, just the two of us?”
“Yes, that is what we do; we’re trained for this, right?”
“Not for ghost hunting, we’re not.”
“Don’t be ridiculous. You’re not saying you believe in all that stuff, are you?”
“Let’s just say, I have a healthy respect for the things I don’t know about.”
“Come on, it’s the living that I have fear of. We’ll head up to the main entrance. We need to check that RV anyway.”
The two of them headed toward the RV with their flashlights directing their path. As they rounded the front of the RV Sally stopped abruptly and placed her arm in front of Bernie to stop her as well.
        “What is it?”
“A body! There in front of the RV door.”
“Who is it?”
“I don’t know.”
They walked closer and saw the remains of Nick, the RV driver and assistant to the Paranormal Posse. 
“He has been …”
“Yes, Bernie, I can see. Do you still think this was a waste of time?”
“I never said it was a waste of time. I was just concerned you were not seeing all of the suspects clearly, and we should wait until more of us could get here. I still think that would be wise. This is now a murder scene.”
“I agree it is a murder scene. I don’t think we can wait. If the Brendon boy is here, he is either a suspect or in danger.”
“Are you saying you still want to go to that place after seeing what someone did to that guy?”
“Whoever did that was the same person who killed Fred, Larry, and from what forensic said, Dober as well. That is four bodies within twenty-four hours. What makes you think they are done? From the looks of the RV, I think this was a group here investigating the haunted sanatorium. That means there are more people inside who may need help. I also think that boy is in there. Crazy or not, he is our responsibility too.”
“Okay, but I’m calling this in and naming all of the possible suspects. That includes Barney, like or not.”
“Fine, just hurry up, I’ll check the front door.”
Bernie headed to the cruiser and grabbed the radio.
“Hart to Dispatch.”
“Go for Dispatch.”
“We have another body at the Lockwood Sanatorium. It is the same m.o. As the victims at Grumby’s. I’m requesting backup.”
“Another one? I’ll get backup on the way. We are pretty stretched right now. I will be calling in help from the State Patrol and the Dunn County Sheriff. Backup may take a while. Hold until we get someone there.”
Bernie knew there was no holding Sally back, but did not want to reveal her concerns. She didn’t want to get her colleague into any more difficulty than she had already gotten herself.
“We believe there are people in imminent danger. We may need to enter before backup arrives.”
“You’re with Thomas, right?”
“Yes.”
“I think I know what you’re dealing with. Don’t let her get you too deep. Wait for backup.”
“Message received. Out.”
“Dispatch, clear.”
“Sally, dispatch says to hold for backup.”
“I’m not waiting; there are people in there that need our help.”
“How did I know you were going to say that? What are you getting?”
“The door is chained and locked. I need the bolt cutter.”
“So far, we have broken into the property at the gate. That can be covered by the fact that we found the body. Now we are going to break into the building after being told to wait for backup. We are out of bounds here, and I mean all the way.”
“I’m sorry, Bernie, I cannot stand by while more people are subjected to that kind of brutality. I’m going in, alone if necessary.”
“I figured so. Okay, well, I enjoyed this job as long as it lasted. Let’s go if we’re going.”
Sally moved as quickly as her exhausted body could. At the door, she attempted to snap the chain but struggled.
“Here, let’s both work the handles.”
Bernie grabbed hold of the long handles, and the two of them squeezed until the loud clink sounded the break in the chain link.
“Okay, now, if I’m going in, I’m leading. I know how long you have been going today. I don’t trust how quick your reaction time is right now. We will go in with sidearms drawn and stacked. You got it?”
Sally nodded.
“I need verbal confirmation.”
“Yes, I got it.”
“Okay on three. One … two … THREE!”
The two of them burst through the door into the grand entry. Each of them pointed their flashlights around the space, scanning the dark to make sure no one was lurking in the shadows to jump them. Once they were sure the space was clear behind them, they walked in tandem to the central area under the stairwell, where the first floor halls converged at the main building. 
They stood and pointed their lights down each of the hallways, searching for any signs of movement. At that point, they discussed whether they would announce their presence in the building.
“Sally, we should announce who we are and see if we get any responses.”
“I think we should hold off until we see movement somewhere. Otherwise, we may be allowing the killer to escape. We want to catch this guy.”
“Are we going to walk the length of each of these halls? That is going to take too much time.”
“No, I say we check each floor just like we did this one and then decide if we are going to go hallway by hallway.”
“Okay, so let’s hit the second floor.”
“We need to go back to the open staircase on either side of the grand entry.”
“Okay.”
Bernie took a deep breath. It was then she realized that the place was musty and had the scent of death wafting through the air. Creepy didn’t begin to describe the place.
It was uncomfortably cold and darker than the moonless night outside. The shadows were disconcerting. They seemed to all be moving as if inhabited by some long-past souls who were lingering just out of sight. It made the hair on the back of her neck stand on end.


*****


Ben was now standing about six feet behind Dorian. The whispering voice was talking to him.
“He is there in front of you, the one who caused your pain. You can end the pain and take him with you. Do it. Do it now!”
Ben could hear Dorian mumbling. He could not see him as he stood on the roof of the Lockwood between the twin gargoyles that stood vigil above the front entrance, but he could hear him talking.
“I must have the power. I did everything right … I’m immortal …” 
Dorian’s mumbling changed to speaking and then loudly announcing.
“I can do anything! I am the right hand of Balsadore! I FEAR NO MORTAL FOR I AM CLOAKED IN THE POWER OF MY DARK LORD!”
The sound of Dorian’s self glorification sent a shiver up Ben’s back. He squinted the traumatized muscles of his eyes and let out a guttural scream as he charged toward the sound of Dorian’s voice.
Dorian looked up upon hearing the scream. He had no chance to react before Ben hit him with full force. The two teens were carried by Ben’s momentum to the cap stones of the parapet at the roof’s edge. They rocked out over it, and for a moment seemed to hang teetering on the ledge. Ben fell first, plummeting to the steps below. His life ebbed from the shattered body lying crumpled on the steps. Dorian hung, clinging by one hand from the ridge of the parapet. The shadow figure of the Lockwood hovered above him.
“Please, Lord Balsadore, help me.”
The shadow loomed and consolidated into the form of a man. He wasn’t solid. The translucence of the figure betrayed its ghostly being. He was clothed in midcentury surgeon’s scrubs. He stood looking at the boy pleading for assistance, and began to laugh.   
“Ha ha ha. You fool! You might as well let go. I am not going to help you. I will welcome you as a new resident of the Lockwood. I shall be happy to keep you here under my control forever!”
“Ha ha ha.”
“No, I summoned you. You owe me.”
Dorian's fingers were starting to cramp. He could not hold on with one hand any longer. He attempted to swing his other hand up to catch a second hold, but the pressure that was placed on his grip forced it to give way. He fell with a loud swack onto the concrete below. He died staring up at the evil grin of Doctor Zuwiki.


*****


        “Sally, did you hear something by the front doors?”
        “No, why?”
        “It’s probably just this place. I keep hearing things.”
        “That’s not surprising, the place is old and full of creaks and groans.”
        “It is creepy. We need to get this done and get out of here.”
        The two deputies ascended the stairs. Each step seemed to creak louder than the last, sounding like tiny screams directly from the building. When they reached the top of the steps, they were presented with the grisly sight of another body. 
        “Oh my god, Sally, he is dead. He’s been cut up just like the other one!”
        Sally couldn’t look. Her first thought was that the man on the floor had to be Barney.
        “Can you tell who it is?”
        “No, I’ve never seen him before. He must be one of the investigators who came in the RV.”
        “Okay, that … that  … is terrible, just terrible.”
        Sally had been certain they had found Barney in the same condition as the last two victims. Her chest was nearly exploding as her anxiety had climbed, and her heart rate went into overdrive. Her breathing became difficult as she neared hyperventilation. She had to step back and lean on the wall while she attempted to regain some sort of control. Her state of exhaustion had weakened. The burst of adrenaline when she saw the body and thought it could be Barney was more than she could handle. Sally was a little embarrassed that she was relieved to see a dead body that wasn’t Barney. When she spoke, she was still pretty shaky.
        “The … the killer has gone … scorched earth here. I … I’m afraid this will not be the last … body.”
        “Sally, I know you were afraid this was Barney, but we have now found two more victims, and Barney is nowhere to be found. I think you have to face the fact that he is a prime suspect.”
        Sally’s immediate reaction to Bernie’s words was to lash out at her colleague. She stifled that feeling; she knew Bernie was just using her investigative training and connecting the dots. She just did not understand that the dots were not as clear as she thought. She replied in a measured tone
        “I don’t want to talk about it! If we find evidence that proves that, I will do what I have to do. Until then, I am assuming he is either looking for whoever did this or is hiding from them.”
Bernie looked at Sally and just shook her head. She hoped Barney knew how much faith Sally had in him. He was a lucky guy. She hoped upon hope Sally was right for her own sake.
“So what do we do now?”
“We keep going up after we check the hallways here.”
The two of them pointed their lights down the east wing. They didn’t see anything there. They moved on to the center hallway and did the same. Again, there was nothing to see. When they pointed down the west wing at first, there was no movement. As they were about to abandon that floor and move up to the third, they saw a door move.
“Wait, what was that?”
“Where?”
“About three-quarters of the way down the hall. A door swung open.”
“Did you see anything else?”
“No, just the door.”
“Could it have been the wind?”
“I suppose, but I haven’t felt any wind in here, Bernie. I think we should go down there and check it out.”
“Okay, but let’s do this the smart way. You take the left side, and I’ll take the right. We need to check each room as we move down the hall so that no one can jump out from behind us as we move along. You check a room, and I will watch the hall, then I check a room on my side, and you watch the hall. Do you have that?”
“Yes, I got it. Let’s go.”
The two deputies moved into the hall with Sally on the left and Bernie on the right. When they reached the first room on the left, Sally entered as Bernie acted as a lookout and covered her from the hall. They reversed roles when Bernie checked the first room on the right. They continued in this manner as they moved down the hallway.
They were coming close to the spot where the door had swung open. Bernie was being especially careful as they moved within a few feet of the spot. She whispered to Sally.
“That is the door I saw move. I will move to your side, and we will get on either side of the door.”
The two moved into position, and Bernie spoke.
        “This is the Sheriff’s Department. Come out with your hands in the air, now!”
        There was no sound and no movement. Bernie repeated her order.
“This is the Sheriff’s Department. Come out with your hands in the air, now!”
Once again, there was no response.
Bernie motioned for Sally to follow her into the room. Both deputies had their sidearms drawn and their flashlights in their opposite hands as they stacked for entry. Bernie nodded, and they took a step into the room. A figure moved quickly into the doorway, shoving Bernie to the side. She lost her balance and hit the floor. As Sally tried to fire her weapon, she felt the sting of a knife cut deeply across her left shoulder. She spun around and fired her weapon as the figure ran for the end of the west wing hallway and disappeared into the stairwell. 
Sally pursued into the stairwell, but could not tell if the figure had gone up or down. Not wanting to leave her partner behind, she returned as Bernie was dusting herself off. 
“Did you get a good look at them?”
“No, they came out of the darkness to the left of the door. They were on me before I could react, and then I was on the floor. Did you see them clearly?”
“Not really, they were dressed all in black, I think. They had a hood, maybe a hooded sweatshirt, I couldn’t tell.”
“Did you hit him with your shot?”
“I don’t know. He didn’t slow down or react as if I did, but who knows?”
“Well, we at least know our killer is human and not some kind of spectre.”
________________


Chapter 11


        The man who was once called Irish sat on the top step of the third floor stairs of the main building at the Lockwood. He was breathing heavily. He was feeling hunted and alone. There were deputies here. They were now looking for him. Their eyes had seen him. He wasn’t sure why he ran. He should have ended it there when he had the chance. That anger he carried every day, all day, was driving him. They did not belong here any more than those ghost hunter people. If people would just leave him alone. Leave this place alone, he could let that anger calm down, and go back to just being alone. 
He had been alone most of his life. When no one wanted him, he turned inward. He comforted himself, even when he was being whipped for the smallest reason. That had hardened him and closed him off in anger. He dealt with that anger by bottling it up and hiding it deep inside. It was hidden from everyone. At times, it was even hidden from himself.  
Now, as he sat there in the Lockwood, he could feel the souls of the building swirling around him. They spoke to him, calling him by name. They knew him. As they spoke, they reminded him of all the pain he had suffered. It seemed to open parts of his mind that he had kept locked up. Memories that had been stowed away, hiding from his awareness, burst into his consciousness.   
Those memories floated in and out of his mind. The anger he felt toward Mr. John the day he destroyed poor Calico, the wasted hours he had spent working as slave labor for parents who had no feelings for him. What had happened to the woman he loved, and the loss of his real mother to drugs? The worst loss of them all was his grandmother. She had been the one person he knew loved him. She died in that very building due to negligence and lack of appropriate supervision.
He now knew there was a part of him that handled all of the unfairness in his life. When he was wronged, that inner person stepped forward and took care of the transgression with impunity. The memories of the retribution flooded his mind. 
The twelve-year-old foster brother’s fate was a sad aspect of all that had happened. The highlight of his memory was the day he received a call at college informing him that his foster parents had been killed in a tragic explosion when their furnace kicked in for the first time that fall. There seemed to be some kind of gas leak that ignited after it had filled the basement of the home with propane, blowing the entire place off its foundation. The couple was killed while eating lunch. He envisioned the look in their eyes as they realized they were about to die. Irish smiled as he thought of the planning it had taken to accomplish that kind of timing.
His mind was all at once consumed with the images of eyes. All he could see were eyes. The eyes of Calico, when its head was twisted, bulged from its tiny skull. The eyes of his grandmother, gouged by the knitting needles. The eyes of the foster brother fishbowled in those absurd glasses. He was obsessed with those eyes. Everyone he saw seemed to be staring at him, judging him like Mr. John used to do. He hated to see the eyes. They were evil and mocking orbs that haunted his mind.
Blame is an interesting word. A single syllable that carries so much weight. Who was to blame for the life he had led? Was it the father who never bothered to know him? Perhaps the mother who loved drugs far more than her own child. He could blame the driver of the car that hit his grandmother. That accident took her leg and left her unable to care for him. There was plenty of cause to blame Mr. John and Ms. Wendy. Their greed and coldness consumed his formative years. He could spread blame around easily, but the Lockwood killed his grandmother. 
She was the one person who loved him unconditionally. He remembered the way she looked at him. Those were the eyes that showed love, joy, and pride. It was those eyes that he longed to see again. He had lost her twice. Once, because she could no longer take care of him, and again because no one took care of her. Those loving eyes were destroyed when she was shoved out of her chair at the Lockwood. Those eyes were gouged out of her head, and she died a painful, horrible death.
He had harbored contempt for the Lockwood for his entire life. When he heard that people were going to be coming to the place to try to interact with the spirits, he was angry. How dare someone disturb his grandmother’s rest! He had dealt with them. Those eyes had no business seeing the place.  
Now there were the cops. Eyes that were searching for him. He had to get rid of those eyes. Now that the puzzle had become complete, he knew why he was there, why he had done what he had, and why he had to continue.  He had to get rid of those probing eyes. They were hunting him, and it was him or them. He was going to finish this. He would get them. He stood up and began to descend the staircase. He began singing.


“Raccoon sleeps in a hollow tree
While the sun shines on you and me.
Sleep, little raccoon,
Sleep, little raccoon,
Warm and cozily.


He stopped singing, but he continued to hum the tune as he walked.


Hmmm, hmmm
Hmmm, hmmm


*****
        “Sally, the guy that attacked us, could that have been Barney Doyle?”
Sally hated the question for a couple of reasons. First, she was tired of Bernie’s constant accusations that Barney could be the killer, second, she could not rule Barney out based on the size and shape of the figure, and third, whoever it was had cut her; Barney wouldn’t do that! Or, would he? She stopped pondering and answered.
“No … no, why would Barney cut me?” 
“Sally, you’re bleeding!”
“What? Oh, I guess when he swung the knife as he ran past, he must have cut my arm. It will be fine.”
“No, it won’t. We need to take care of that. This place is filled with who knows what. You could get an infection. Besides that looks pretty deep. You’re losing a lot of blood.
“Oh, you’re just overreacting. We saw the guy. We need to find him.”
“You won’t be doing anyone any good if you pass out from losing blood. We need to at least get you patched up. Come on, there is a first aid kit in the cruiser.”
“This is ridiculous. We have him. We need to pursue now.”
“You said you don’t know if he went up or down. How are you going to pursue him? You don’t know what direction to go.”
“But … ”
“I’m not taking no for an answer. Come on.”
Bernie took Sally by the arm, holding the bleeding arm up as they walked. When they neared the “Grand Central” end of the second floor west wing hallway, they heard a noise in front of them. Bernie immediately pulled out her sidearm. Sally attempted to, but her arm did not respond. She reached around with her off hand and grabbed the handgun.
“Who is up there?”
There was no answer.
“This is Deputy Hart with the Eau Claire County Sheriff’s office. Show yourself now!”
There was no response. 
“You have been warned. We will use force if you do not comply.”
There was no reply. The two deputies moved forward cautiously. They had allowed him to escape once; they were determined to succeed in capturing him on this second try.
“This place will be surrounded by officers very soon. You should give yourself up. You don’t have a chance of getting away.”
The deputies kept their flashlights aimed in front of them, expecting to see someone at any moment. They walked in tandem, creeping along. Sally was dripping blood with each step. She was starting to feel the effects of no food, no rest, and now blood loss. She was fading. Bernie was not noticing as her gaze was on the hallway ahead. Sally stumbled and pulled at Bernie as she tried to right herself.
“Are you okay, Sally?”
“I’m feeling a little lightheaded right now. I just need to stop for a second and catch my breath. It’s been a very long day.”
“Are you going to be able to walk down the stairs? I don’t think I can carry you.”
“Sure … sure I will. I’m not letting a little scratch put me down.”
“Okay, well, stay behind me.”
“What about these other people?”
“What are you talking about?
“These other people, you know, the nurses and orderlies, and I guess those are patients.”
Sally pointed all around the deputies.
“I don’t understand. Do you think you see other people here?”
“What do you mean ‘think’? The people are right here; stop pretending you don’t see them. I don’t know where they came from, but they are here. I can see them with my own eyes.”
Sally wobbled a little and went over to lean on the wall.
“Sally, we need help. We are stuck on the second floor of this crazy place, and there is a killer between us and the front door. Now you’re seeing things. I’m going to try our walkie to see if Hank can hear me.”
Sally was a little out of it as she talked. 
“I don’t know why you don’t use the telephone over there.”
She pointed at the wall where there was an old mounting plate for a phone that was long gone.
Bernie just shook her head and started to call Hank on the walkie.
“This is Deputy Hart. Hank, if you can hear this, pick up.”
There was nothing for over a minute. Bernie was about to try again when her walkie sounded off, and a string of static came over the speaker. Intermingled, she heard the words, ‘repeat …  too much’. 
Bernie assumed it meant there was too much static on Hank’s end to hear them. He wanted her to try again. Bernie looked around and decided they needed to get to an outside wall to get closer to open airwaves. She grabbed Sally and threw her arm over her shoulder.
“Come on, we need to get to a window.”
 She pulled Sally along and headed down the west wing away from “Grand Central”.  She figured if they stepped into a room, they could get close to the exterior window, and the reception would be better on the walkie. Bernie wanted to get about halfway down the hall so that she would have time to make the call and then defend the door, should the killer come after them.
It took about five minutes to make their way down the hall. Bernie was perspiring by the time they made it. She leaned Sally against the wall. There was an old chair in the room, so Bernie righted it and moved her partner to the chair. The deputy had to first check the hallway to make sure no one was coming. She then went to the window. With walkie in her hand she pressed the button and began to speak.
“This is Deputy Hart for Deputy Stussie. Come in, Hank.”
“I’m … not … Hank. You … may … call … me … doctor!”
The voice that responded was obviously not her fellow deputy. It was deep and slow. It did not sound fully human.
“Who is this?’
“That … is … not … the … right … question.”
“What do you mean? This is an official Sheriff’s Office communication device. You need to clear these airwaves. You are interfering with an investigation.”
“You … are … in … my … house. You … are … interfering … in … a … place … where … you … don’t … belong!.”
“Is this Barney Doyle? Are you trying to scare me? It won’t work. Sally may not see what you have been doing, but I can.”
“Ha, ha, ha. Ha, ha, ha.”
The laugh was more like a cackle. It sent shivers down Bernie’s back. She realized she had been in the room and not watching the hallway; she moved to the door to check what was happening. Sally seemed to be talking to someone.
“Oh, it’s just a scratch. It is so nice of you to bandage it for me. Thank you. How many nurses are working here?”
Sally appeared to be looking at someone and listening.
“Oh, wow. There are that many nurses here. That’s good … that’s good.”
Sally faded out again. Bernie was beside herself. How did she let Sally rope her into doing this? She knew better. She knew that backup was called for and that they would arrive eventually. All they really needed to do was survive until they got there. As if by thinking about them she had manifested the assistance; she saw patrol lights flashing in the window. She ran to see what was happening and noticed a Dunn County Patrol vehicle pull up the driveway. She tried opening the window, but the mechanism had rusted, and it was stuck in place. She thought about breaking the window, but realized it was the old type with wire mesh embedded in the glass. Those widows are nearly unbreakable.
Bernie tried yelling to the officers who were now looking at the body by the RV. 
“Hey, we are on the second floor, west wing. There is a killer in the building!”
There was no reaction from the officers outside. Bernie grabbed her flashlight and tried to aim it toward them to get their attention, but the window was dirty, and the light barely made it out of the building. She screamed as loud as she could, but they showed no acknowledgement. Bernie stood helplessly as she watched them disappear into the building
“Sally, come on, we need to get back into the hallway.”
“No, that’s okay. I’ll stay here with Martha.”
“Who the hell is Martha?”
“She is a wonderful nurse. Do you see how well she bandaged my arm?”
Bernie could see there was no bandage, but Sally seemed calmed by the idea, so she said nothing about it. 
“Come on, we are leaving right now.”
“What, well, … ”
Bernie grabbed Sally’s arm and put it over her shoulder and tugged her to her feet. She pulled her to get her moving, and Sally dragged her feet, but followed her colleague as they reentered the hallway and headed for “Grand Central”. 
“We need to warn these guys that there is a killer in here. They could be walking into a trap.”
“Why don’t we ask these people to warn them?”
“Fine, you do that.”
Bernie was in full knowledge that Sally was too far gone to be of any assistance if they ran into the hooded figure as they made their way to the central staircase. She had a flashlight in her hand, she had Sally's waist, and she had a gun in her other hand. It was going to be a struggle if she had to hold off the killer. Her heart was pounding as she pulled Sally ever closer to the central area. She heard two shots ring out from the grand entry. Then there was no noise.
“Oh no! What has happened? Did the deputies get him?”
“That was a loud noise; it scared everyone.”
“Still not with the real world, are you, Sally?”
Sally didn’t respond; she just seemed to be in her own world, or maybe the world of the Lockwood would be a better description.
“The next move is all on me since Sally is not thinking straight.. I don’t think I can get her down the steps alone. I’ll get her to the center, and we should be able to communicate with the deputies if they are there.”
Bernie had a terrible feeling that the officers were no longer available to help. The fact that it went quiet after the gunshots made her think that something happened to them. Otherwise, they would be calling out or making noise of some kind. She needed to keep moving and face whatever had happened.
Deputy Hart had Sally and the flashlight with her sidearm at the ready. She started moving toward the open area in the central building. There she could overlook the grand entry. From that viewpoint, she should know what went down with the shots. 
Step by step they progressed to the door frame that opened into the area above the grand entry. It was only about ten feet away. Just three more steps and she would be at the top of the steps to the first floor. Just through the arched door frame, and they would be there.
As Bernie stepped through the arch, she was met by a hooded figure. Bernie screamed and let go of Sally with her handgun held straight out. Her training took over, and she yelled orders.
“Get down, face down on the floor, now! On the ground, on the ground!”
The figure lay on the ground immediately.
“Take your hood off. What is your name?”
“It’s me, Barney Doyle.”
“Barney, oh thank god you’re alive.”
Sally crawled from where Bernie dropped her to Barney. She rolled him over and hugged him.
“Sally? Are you okay? What are you doing here?”
Bernie interrupted the reunion.
“Get back on your stomach. Don’t act surprised to see us. You knew we were here. You attacked us just about an hour ago.”
“I didn’t attack you. What are you talking about?”
“You know what I’m talking about, don’t try to play dumb.”
“Whatever you are saying I did, I probably did it. I just didn’t know I was doing it.”
“Oh my god, does this place have everyone talking stupid. What do you mean you did, but you don’t know? That sounds like double-talk to me. If you don’t have the integrity to admit what you’ve done, you’re not worth speaking with.”
“I’ve seen what happened, the dead bodies, everything. I must have done it, but I don’t remember doing anything. I’m sorry, I’m sorry. I don’t know why I’m doing these things.”
Barney started to cry. Sally was trying to comfort him. Bernie was dumbfounded by the confession/nonconfession. Did Barney think he could be determined too fragile mentally to stand trial and be institutionalized instead of going to prison?
“That’s enough of the babble. Stand up. You are going to help Sally down these stairs. If you do anything, even so much as a flinch, I don’t like, I am putting you down. I’m not taking any chances, either. I will shoot to kill!” 
That statement seemed to shake Sally out of her state of delirium.
“Bernie, don’t you dare shoot him. He didn’t do these things. It’s this building; it has him talking out of his head.”
“Look who is now recognizing someone is talking out of their head. You’ve been loony for the last hour. I’m not taking a chance that I’m going to be another one of his casualties. My eyes are very clear, and they are going to stay that way right here in my head.”
They moved down the steps slowly. Bernie’s focus was solidly on the couple in front of her. None of them noticed the figure watching from the floor above. Just as the two deputies and Barney were about three steps from the first floor, the figure watching them moved toward the stairs and began a stealthy descent toward them. 
“Okay, now that we have Sally down here, get back on the floor with your hands behind your back.”
Barney obeyed Bernie’s orders. The deputy pulled handcuffs from her belt. And knelt on Barney while she locked them on his wrists. She then stood up and took a breath. She felt comfortable that she now had the killer in custody and they were safe on the first floor.
“Barney, we will get you a good lawyer. I know in my heart you could not have done this.”
“Sally, you have always been good to me. Who knows if I had not been so shy to tell you years ago how I felt, we could have been together, and my life would be so much different. That didn’t happen, and too many things happened that have tainted my view of the world and of people. That must be what happened. I lose time, and I don’t know what I do for hours at a time. No one else was here. It was just the Paranormal Posse and me. Now they are dead, and I am alive. It doesn’t take a rocket scientist to figure out who did this.”
Barney started to nod his head around the building as he said, “... figure out who did this”, and he saw the crumpled body by the door.
“Oh god! There is another body.”
The two women looked around the grand entry.
“There are two bodies.”
Bernie was walking toward the second one that was near the bottom of the second stairwell on the other side of the entry area. She rolled the body over and was presented with the gouged out eye sockets of one of the Dunn County deputies. She ran to the second one, but found he had been subjected to the type of mutilation. The deputy fell back in rage and disgust. Her stomach churned as she reflected on the terrible scene that unfolded before her. Bernie looked at Barney, the sight of him angered the deputy.
“Stop it! Why couldn’t you have let these two men live? Two more families will have the worst day of their lives because of you! Where are the kids? Have you already mutilated those poor kids? I don’t care how misguided they were; they did not deserve to die at the hands of the likes of you.”
Barney was confused. “I don’t know who you are talking about. I may have done what you say, but I don’t know anything about kids.”
Sally had been seated on the bottom step. With great effort, she rose and stumbled to the center of the entry. There was something there. The Dunn County Deputies had parked at an angle and pointed their headlights at the front of the Lockwood. The small stream of light cast a dim glow on the entry. Sally saw something reflecting the light on the floor in the center of the entry. When she managed to get to it, she saw that it was a small puddle of blood. There were drops of blood leading away from it up the other staircase opposite the one they came down. 
Sally stood staring at the blood trail and spoke softly.
“Barney, are you bleeding?”
Bernie looked at her, still angry over what she believed the demented human standing there with them had done. She spoke sharply to her fellow officer. She was now angry with her for not being willing to consider Barney a suspect to begin with.
“Are you talking to your invisible friends again? This whole mess may have been lessened if you could see beyond your feelings for this monster!”
Sally turned, ignoring Bernie’s angry outburst, and spoke to Barney.
“Barney, I asked you, are you bleeding?”
“Bleeding? No, I am fine. Other than the fact that I am obviously criminally insane.”
“I said stop with the insanity crap. You are going to pay for these killings. You are not going to spend your days being coddled and given therapy. You killed, and you will pay.”
“He didn’t kill these officers!”
“I’m tired of your belief in this guy. Give it up, of course, he killed them. He admitted it!”
“No, he said he must have because he is the only one here. If he isn’t bleeding, then whose blood is this, and why does it lead up the other stairs?”
“What are you talking about?”
“Right here. There is a puddle of blood, and look, it trails up those stairs.”
Bernie stood looking at the blood. It didn’t make sense. Whose blood would it be? They had heard the gunshots. The deputies had to have wounded someone. She needed to check Barney; maybe he was hiding the injury.
“Stand up! I need to check you for injuries. She pulled up his sweatshirt, turned him around, and frisked him top to bottom.”
“I would tell you if I were injured. I have not been shot.”
“I need to check the deputies' sidearms. I will be able to tell if they fired them.”
Bernie checked the officer by the front door first. His gun was on the floor about six feet in front of him. She pulled a pencil from her pocket and picked the weapon up by the trigger frame. She lifted it to her nose to smell and then looked into the barrel for carbon residue. 
“This one was not fired. I’ll check the second one.”
The second deputy’s gun was sitting under his right hand. The Glock 19 was a little tougher to pick up without disturbing evidence. Bernie was able to drag it from under the officer’s hand. She lifted it and did not need to get it very close to her nose to smell the sweet charcoal odor. 
“This one was fired. It adds up that someone was wounded before they killed the deputies. I suppose it could be that there was more than one.”
Sally was weak, and she had a hard time following everything that was going on. When Bernie said there could have been more than one, she immediately thought about Dorian.
“Wait, what if Ben is working with Dorian? Maybe I had it all wrong. I guess I have more than once on this case. If they were working together, then one of them could have been shot while the other attacked the deputies.”
“Yeah, that could be what happened, but I am skeptical. Two teens overpowering two trained law enforcement seems far-fetched.”
“I would have to agree. After hearing you say it, I don’t see that being what happened. Is it possible there is someone we haven’t even considered?”
“I think that is a distinct possibility. We are not going to be figuring that out now. We are going to take Barney and leave this building. I’m done playing in the dark. We're getting out of here. When the reinforcements get here, they can wrap up whatever is going on here.”
“We still haven’t found the kids. We need to check the roof.”
“Sally, there is no way you can get to the roof, or that I am staying in this hellhole any longer.”
“I can’t …”
Before Sally could protest any further there was a loud noise at the front door. The glass of the door was covered by the shadow of a figure. The rattle of a chain could be heard. Bernie ran toward the door.
“No, no, no. Who is out there? Take that chain off of the door. This is Deputy Hart of the Eau Claire County Sheriff’s Department. Step away from that door!”
Bernie drew her sidearm and aimed at the door. The shadow remained, filling the door. Bernie fired her handgun. The shadow did not move. She fired again, and the shadow seemed to walk through the wall and stood looming over the deputy.
“What … what … wha … do you see this?”
Sally was leaning against the staircase banister, staring at the huge shadow now filling half of the grand entry. Then the shadow started to laugh. It was a maniacal laugh. The deep voice was the embodiment of evil. It shook Sally and Bernie. Barney had dealt with the shadow many times. 
“Leave them alone. I know you don’t want me to leave. I don’t matter, but leave these women alone.”
“Barney, have you seen this thing before?”
“Yes, I tried to believe it was all in my head. But the Lockwood wants me to stay and become one of them. This shadow has followed me since I arrived here. I don’t know what it is, but it pulls me in and connects to the darkness that hides within me. I believe it is that darkness that kills. I want it to end, I hate that part of me.”
Sally stumbled to Barney’s side.
“Barney, you can’t become part of this place. The shadow is not the Lockwood. It is feared and hated by the residents. I know the truth; the nurses told me. They have been talking to me.”
Bernie could not believe what they were saying or what she was seeing. This was all too much like a bad dream.
“Ha ha ha. You will all be part of my happy troop of spirits. You will not be leaving here. My friend will soon see to that.”
“What is he talking about?” 
“I think he means me, Sally. That is what I’ve been saying. I’m the one doing these horrible things. He is making me do it. He has connected with the darkness inside me. I can’t help myself. I don’t know when I’m doing these killings, and I don’t remember them. I’m no good. I deserve to stay here, but you don’t. He thinks he can make me kill you. I hope I can resist his power over me. Keep my hands in these cuffs; please, don’t let him free me.”
Barney was nearing hysteria. He was sure the friend the shadow was referring to was him. Bernie believed Barney was correct. She grabbed for her sidearm. 
“Barney, this thing can’t make you do something if you’re dead. I can end this.”
Sally saw the gun and what Bernie intended to do. She could not let her kill the man she loved, no matter what he may have done.
“No, don’t do it!”
Sally summoned the last of her energy and charged her colleague. The two of them tumbled to the ground, and the gun slid across the marble floor to the other side of the entry. Bernie lunged to grab it, with Sally hanging on with all of the strength she could muster. The two wrestled on the floor until they stopped when a strange chanting started.


“Raccoon sleeps in a hollow tree
While the sun shines on you and me.
Sleep, little raccoon,
Sleep, little raccoon,
Warm and cozily.


In the darkest part of night
Raccoon has the best eyesight.
Look, little raccoon,
Look, little raccoon,
My, your eyes are bright.


Raccoon hardly makes a sound
When he prowls all around.
Hunt, little raccoon,
Hunt, little raccoon,
Find food on the ground.”


        Lying on the floor, the deputies looked toward the voice emanating from the floor above them. They watched as a hooded figure began to descend the stairs, singing/chanting the children's rhyme. The figure walked with a limp. The lower right pant leg was soaked with blood. Sally scanned from the wounded leg up to the torso. That sweatshirt, she had seen it before.
        The shadow spoke again. The glee in its voice dripped with contempt for the living. 
        “Here is my friend, we’ve known each other for a long time now, haven’t we, Charley?”
        “Yes, we have. I’ve provided you with several new toys today. Now I will finish this.” 
He raised his hand, and the long, thin knife glinted in the dim light of the flashlights now lying about the floor. He walked slowly, relishing his final kills. He stood over the deputies as if he were deciding which melon to buy at the grocery store. He grabbed Bernie and swung back with the knife.
“Stop! Charley, what are you doing? I taught you better than that, young man!”
“Grandma? Is that you? It is you! Oh, Grandma, I missed you.”
“My poor boy, I’m sorry I had to let you go. I couldn’t take care of you anymore. Then the accident, and I was gone.”
“I’ve been here every day hoping to see you. All I ever saw was him. He said if I did these things, he would bring me to you. I had to see you again. You were the only person who ever really loved me.” 
“Charley, you shouldn’t have listened to him. He is evil. He killed those nurses, and he paid the price in the boiler room. Now he sucks the evil from those who enter here. You have made him stronger by doing those horrible things. You should have known better. You are Charley Cochran. Let me see your face.”  
The man pulled the hood down so that the spirit of his grandmother could see him once more.
Sally looked at the man in shock.
“Doc? Doc Blanchard? Was it you all this time? D O, Doc! Fred knew it was you! You did all of this. How could you? The people here trusted you.”
Bernie pulled away from the grip Blanchard had on her and ran to her gun on the floor. She held it on Blanchard as he watched his grandmother’s spirit fade away. 
That shadow still wanted blood. It ordered Doc to act.
“Kill them! If you want to see her again, you will kill them!”
Blanchard, the boy who grew up as Irish, sat down on the floor. Tears filled his eyes, and he started to sing the song his grandmother taught him so many years ago.


“Raccoon sleeps in a hollow tree
While the sun shines on you and me.
Sleep, little raccoon,
Sleep, little raccoon,
Warm and cozily.


In the darkest part of night
Raccoon has the best eyesight.
Look, little raccoon,
Look, little raccoon,
My, your eyes are bright.


Raccoon hardly makes a sound
When he prowls all around.
Hunt, little raccoon …….


The man’s voice trailed off as he turned inward and went silent. The two deputies and Barney were stunned at what just happened. The shadow was still looming over them all. No one moved as they processed what they had seen.        
The shadow was enraged and focused his attention on Barney. 
“You! You wanted to stay here with me. I can make that happen; you can live here forever. Be my sword, do my killing, and I can make that happen.”
Barney froze as he felt singled out by the shadow that had tormented him. Sally made her way to him.
“Don’t listen to it. It does not control you. You are better than that. I need you. I … I … I love you.”
Barney looked at her, and his heart filled with joy and optimism. That was something he had not experienced for most of his life. It felt wonderful, like rebirth. 
The shadow seemed to know it was losing and let out a howling scream that was cut short as a burst of light illuminated the room. Standing above them along the balustrade of the second floor stood a tall woman. It was the spirit of Mary Lockwood.
“You are done here. I built this hospital as a place of healing. You have turned it into a house of pain. I will no longer allow it. You will leave. It is time you descend to the depths where you were destined to go.”
Sally, Bernie, and Barney watched the light from the spirit at the balcony intensify and brighten until it blinded them, forcing them to shield their eyes. When they could tell it had dimmed, they opened their eyes. Mary Lockwood had vanished, and the shadow figure was gone. Bernie was still holding the gun on Doc Blanchard. Barney was still in cuffs, and Sally was nearly passed out, sitting at his feet. They were trying to understand what had just happened, but they had very little time to do so. 
The front door burst open, and a flood of deputies, State Patrol Officers, and the Sheriff charged into the grand entry. 
Once the situation was sorted out, Bernie, Sally, and Barney stood in front of the building just enjoying the chance to breathe the fresh air. They could now reflect on the nightmare they had just experienced. The sun was just starting to rise, and the dim light of early morning shone on the Lockwood, casting long shadows on the landscape beyond.